
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Company Name
Primary Industry
Source
Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NasdaqGS:IONS)
OncoGenex Technologies Inc.
Biotechnology
OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2015 Form 10-K
Business Description: Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. discovers and develops RNA-targeted therapeutics in the United States. The company offers SPINRAZA for spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) in pediatric and adult patients; TEGSEDI, an antisense injection for the treatment of polyneuropathy caused by hereditary transthyretin amyloidosis in adults; and WAYLIVRA, an antisense medicine for treatment for familial chylomicronemia syndrome (FCS) and familial partial lipodystrophy. It also develops medicines for various indications that are in phase 3 study, including Eplontersen as a monthly self-administered subcutaneous injection to treat all types of ATTR; Olezarsen for patients with FCS and severe hypertriglyceridemia (SHTG); Donidalorsen for patients with hereditary angioedema; ION363 for patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; Tofersen to inhibit the production of superoxide dismutase 1; Pelacarsen for patients with established cardiovascular disease and elevated lipoprotein(a); and Bepirovirsen to inhibit the production of viral proteins associated with hepatitis B virus. In addition, the company develops Cimdelirsen to inhibit the production of growth hormone receptor; IONIS-FB-LRx to inhibit the production of complement factor B and the alternative complement pathway; and ION224 to reduce the production of diacylglycerol acyltransferase 2. It has a strategic collaboration with Biogen for the treatment of neurological disorders; and collaboration and license agreement with Metagenomi, Inc, AstraZeneca, Bayer AG, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Novartis, Roche, Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB, and PTC Therapeutics. Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. was incorporated in 1989 and is based in Carlsbad, California.
Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (NYSE:TEVA)
OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Pharmaceuticals
OncoGenex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2017 Form 10-K
Business Description: Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited, a pharmaceutical company, develops, manufactures, markets, and distributes generic medicines, specialty medicines, and biopharmaceutical products in North America, Europe, Israel, and internationally. The company offers sterile products, hormones, high-potency drugs, and cytotoxic substances in various dosage forms, including tablets, capsules, injectables, inhalants, liquids, transdermal patches, ointments, and creams. It also manufactures and sells active pharmaceutical ingredients, as well as provides contract manufacturing services; and operates an out-licensing platform that offers a portfolio of products to other pharmaceutical companies. In addition, it focuses on the central nervous system (CNS), pain, respiratory, and oncology areas. The company’s products portfolio in the CNS field comprises Copaxone for the treatment of relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis; AJOVY for the preventive treatment of migraine in adults; and AUSTEDO for the treatment of neurodegenerative and movement disorders associated with Huntington’s disease and tardive dyskinesia; respiratory therapeutic area includes ProAir RespiClick, QVAR, ProAir Digihaler, AirDuo Digihaler, ArmonAir Digihaler, BRALTUS, CINQAIR/CINQAERO, DuoResp Spiromax, and AirDuo RespiClick/ArmonAir RespiClick for the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease; and oncology therapeutic field consists of Bendeka, Treanda, Granix, Trisenox, Lonquex, and Tevagrastim/Ratiograstim. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited has a collaboration with MedinCell for the development and commercialization of multiple long-acting injectable products, a risperidone suspension for the treatment of patients with schizophrenia, as well as a collaboration with Sanofi to co-develop and co-commercialize TEV-48574 asset, a novel anti-TL1A therapy for the treatment of ulcerative colitis and Crohn’s disease. The company was founded in 1901 and is headquartered in Tel Aviv, Israel.
*denotes proprietary relationship