
Customize View
Recently disclosed strategic alliances only (within the last two years)
Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Company Name
Primary Industry
Source
DSM-Firmenich AG (ENXTAM:DSFIR)
Aerie Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Specialty Chemicals
DSM-Firmenich AG (ENXTAM:DSFIR) 2020 Form 
Business Description: DSM-Firmenich AG, a science-based company, engages in beauty, health, and nutrition businesses in the Netherlands, Switzerland, rest of Europe, North America, Latin America, China, rest of Asia, and internationally. It operates through Perfumery & Beauty; Animal Nutrition & Health (ANH); Health, Nutrition & Care (HNC); and Food & Beverage segments. The Perfumery & Beauty offers perfumery and aroma ingredients. The Animal Nutrition & Health segment offers essential products, including vitamins, premixes, and carotenoids; performance solutions, such as enzymes, microbes, and eubiotics; precision services comprising support with data analysis to measure animal health and environmental footprint on farm level and feed safety; and methane reducing feed additive for ruminants. The Health, Nutrition & Care segment provides solutions for the early life nutrition, dietary supplement, pharmaceutical, medical nutrition, personal care and aroma, and biomedical materials markets. It offers vitamins, nutritional lipids, minerals, carotenoids, nutraceuticals, digestive enzymes, probiotics and prebiotics, active pharmaceutical ingredients, and sunscreen filters, as well as a range of biomedical solutions; premix, market-ready solutions, and personalized nutrition solutions; and regulatory affairs and formulation expertise, and customized solutions. The Food & Beverage segment provides ingredients and solutions for use in a range of food products, such as dairy; bakery, cereals, and bars; savory food; beverages and brewing; confectionery and fruit; plant-based meat and fish alternatives; and petfood. The company was founded in 1902 and is headquartered in Kaiseraugst, Switzerland.
Vallibel One PLC (COSE:VONE.N0000)
Alcon Inc. (SWX:ALC)
Industrial Conglomerates
Vallibel One PLC (COSE:VONE.N0000) 2019 Form Doc
Business Description: Vallibel One PLC, a diversified holding company, engages in the tile and sanitaryware manufacturing, finance, leisure, aluminum extrusion, packaging, plantations, healthcare, and consumer industries in Sri Lanka. The company offers lifestyle products and solutions, including tiles, kitchen cabinets and sinks, grout and mortar, furniture, and interior decor solutions, as well as supplies raw material to the ceramic industry. It also provides folding and sliding doors, and windows; partitions; swing doors; ladders; and solar railings and accessories, as well as cartoons and paper sacks for packing. The company also offers financial services encompassing acceptance of deposits, granting lease facilities, hire purchases, factoring, margin trading, and microfinance and other credit facilities, as well as mortgage, gold, personal, and trade finance loans. In addition, the company is involved in manufacturing, trading, shipping, logistics, airline and travel, and insurance brokering businesses, as well as trades in food and beverage, personal care, and medical equipment and pharmaceutical products. Further. It engages in property holding; real estate development and related services; and agricultural production comprising tea, rubber, oil palm, and coconut, as well as operates a luxury boutique hotel. The company was incorporated in 2010 and is headquartered in Colombo, Sri Lanka.
*denotes proprietary relationship