
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Alere San Diego, Inc.
Health Care Equipment
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Mar-12-2007
Business Description: Alere San Diego, Inc. develops and manufactures rapid diagnostics for the treatment of cardiometabolic disease, infectious disease, and toxicology. Its point of care testing provides actionable information for better clinical, operational, and economic outcomes. Alere San Diego, Inc. was formerly known as Biosite Incorporated and changed its name to Alere San Diego, Inc. in May 2010. The company was incorporated in 1988 and is based in San Diego, California. As of June 29, 2007, Alere San Diego, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Abbott Laboratories.
Emerillon Therapeutics Inc.
Biotechnology
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances May-01-2007
Business Description: Emerillon Therapeutics, Inc., a biotechnology company, engages in the discovery and development of genomics-based drugs for infectious diseases. The company, through its recombinant congenic strains (RCS) mouse platform technology, discovers and develops drugs for human complex diseases. Its RCS mouse platform focuses on identifying drug targets in the fields of pain, atherosclerosis, osteoporosis, and epilepsy. Emerillon Therapeutics also offers contract services, such as mutation detection using dHPLC, mouse genotyping, and speed congenesis. The company was founded in 2003 and is based in Montréal, Canada.
Goodwin Biotechnology, Incorporated
Life Sciences Tools and Services
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Jun-02-2011
Business Description: Goodwin Biotechnology, Incorporated, a biological contract manufacturing organization, provides a range of mammalian cell culture development and manufacturing services. The company focuses on the research, development, manufacture, and validation of cytotoxic antibody drug conjugates, radioimmunoconjugates, monoclonal antibodies, recombinant proteins, vaccines, and other biologic drug conjugates for early and late stage clinical trials. It offers cell culture development, purification, bioconjugation, biosimilars, process development and cGMP manufacturing, and aseptic filling and finishing services. The company also provides support services, such as assay development, quality control and assurance, regulatory support, drug master files, project management, translational medicine, and consulting services. It serves academic institutions, biotechnology startups, and multinational biopharmaceutical companies in North America, Europe, and Asia. The company was founded in 1992 and is based in Plantation, Florida. Goodwin Biotechnology, Incorporated operates as a subsidiary of Wallace Pharmaceuticals Ltd.
*denotes proprietary relationship