
Customize View
Recently disclosed strategic alliances only (within the last two years)
Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Company Name
Primary Industry
Source
Cytovation AS
Specialized Medical Services-oncology BV
Biotechnology
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Aug-09-2019
Business Description: Cytovation AS, a clinical-stage biotechnology company, focuses on developing CyPep-1, a lytic agent for the treatment of solid tumors. Cytovation AS has a collaboration with Recurrent Respiratory Papillomatosis Foundation (RRPF). The company was incorporated in 2001 and is based in Bergen, Norway with an additional office in London, United Kingdom.
Vistagen Therapeutics, Inc. (NasdaqCM:VTGN)
Allucent
Biotechnology
Vistagen Therapeutics, Inc. (NasdaqCM:VTGN) 2020 Form 10-K
Business Description: Vistagen Therapeutics, Inc., a late clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, primarily focus to transform the treatment landscape for individuals living with anxiety, depression, and other central nervous system (CNS) disorders. The company’s pipeline includes six clinical stage product candidates, including five investigational agents belonging to drugs known as pherines. Its product pipeline comprises PH94B, a fasedienol nasal spray, which is in Phase III development for the treatment of social anxiety disorder; and PH10, a Ituvone nasal spray which is in Phase II development for the treatment of major depressive disorder. In addition, the company is also developing PH15, an early-stage investigational synthetic neuroactive steroid for the treatment of cognition improvement; PH80, an odorless and tasteless synthetic investigational pherine for the treatment of menopausal hot flashes and migraine; PH284, an early-stage investigational synthetic neuroactive steroid for the treatment of wasting syndrome Cachexia; and AV-101, an oral nmdr glycine site antagonist for depression and neurological disorders. Further, it has a license and collaboration agreement with EverInsight Therapeutics Inc. to develop and commercialize to address ophthalmologic and CNS disorders. The company was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in South San Francisco, California.
*denotes proprietary relationship