
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Company Name
Primary Industry
Source
Hopital Maisonneuve-Rosemont
Algorithme Pharma, Inc.
Health Care Facilities
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Dec-11-2013
Business Description: Hopital Maisonneuve-Rosemont owns and operates hospitals and a university institute. The company was founded in 1954 and is based in Montreal, Canada.
SQI Diagnostics Inc. (TSXV:SQD)
Algorithme Pharma, Inc.
Health Care Equipment
SQI Diagnostics Inc. (TSXV:SQD) 2014 Form Doc
Business Description: SQI Diagnostics Inc., a precision medicine company, discovers, develops, and commercializes rapid diagnostic testing services for healthcare providers, patients, and consumers worldwide. The company also offers TOR-dx, a lung test, which enables the surgeon to assess the health of the donor's lung; and a COVID-19 at-home antibody test kit; the RALI-Dx, a COVID-19 severity triage lab test; and RALI-fast, a COVID-19 severity triage POC test. In addition, it offers microarray tests for protein and antibody testing workflow. The company was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.
Vicor Technologies, Inc.
Calvert Laboratories, Inc.
Health Care Equipment
Vicor Technologies, Inc. 2007 Form SB-2
Business Description: Vicor Technologies, Inc., a medical diagnostics company, focuses on commercializing noninvasive diagnostic technology products. It develops diagnostic technology products based on its patented and proprietary PD2i Algorithm, a point correlation dimension algorithm that facilitates the physicians to predict the future pathological events, such as autonomic nervous system dysfunction, cardiac mortality, and imminent death from trauma. The company develops its therapeutic products by using a drug discovery platform, which focuses on naturally occurring peptides and proteins derived from state-dependent physiologies, such as hibernation. Its products include PD2i Analyzer that displays and analyzes electrocardiographic information and measures heart rate variability in patients at rest, as well as in response to controlled exercise and paced respiration; and PD2i-VS, which is used to assess the severity of critically injured combat and civilian trauma casualties to determine the need for immediate life saving intervention in those victims who are at high risk of imminent death. The company sells its products through independent sales representatives and sales personnel to physicians in the United States, and Central and South America. Vicor Technologies, Inc. was founded in 2000 and is based in Boca Raton, Florida.
*denotes proprietary relationship