
Customize View
Recently disclosed strategic alliances only (within the last two years)
Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Lonza AG
Life Sciences Tools and Services
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Dec-15-2020
Business Description: Lonza AG, a pharma contract manufacturing company, manufactures chemical preparations for life science, pharmaceutical, biotech, and specialty ingredients markets. It manufactures chemicals, intermediates, active pharmaceutical ingredients, and bio-therapeutics. The company was founded in 1897 and is based in Basel, Switzerland. Lonza AG operates as a subsidiary of Lonza Group Ltd.
Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.
Pharmaceuticals
Aurinia Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NasdaqGM:AUPH) 2023 Form 10-K
Business Description: Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. engages in pharmaceuticals, nutraceuticals, consumer products, and other businesses worldwide. The company develops pharmaceutical products, such as Rexulti (brexpiprazole) for the treatment of schizophrenia in adults; and Abilify Maintena (aripiprazole), a once-monthly injectable formulation for intramuscular use for the maintenance monotherapy treatment of bipolar I disorder (BP I) in adults; Neupro patch; Selinco; Iclusig; and Pletaal; and otc drugs, such as Oronine and New Saralin. Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. offers drugs for central nervous system, tuberculosis, ophthalmology, and oncology diseases. It also provides EQUELLE, a product for women's health and beauty; BODYMAINTÉ Jelly, a conditioning food product; BODYMAINTÉ Drink, a drinkable-liquid; POCARI SWEAT, a drink; Calorie Mate, a nutritional food; SOYJOY, a soy bar; and REHADAYS, a beverage to support exercise and rehabilitation. In addition, the company offers soft drinks, clinical testing, medical equipment, and cosmetics. The company was founded in 1964 and is based in Tokyo, Japan with branch and district offices in Japan. Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.
*denotes proprietary relationship