
Customize View
Recently disclosed strategic alliances only (within the last two years)
Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Company Name
Primary Industry
Source
All4Labels Italy NMS S.R.L.
Bausch & Lomb Incorporated
Paper and Plastic Packaging Products and Materials
All4Labels Italy NMS S.R.L. - Form 
Business Description: All4Labels Italy NMS S.R.L. engages in the production of self-adhesive labels, paper products, and integrated packaging solutions. It offers self-adhesive labels and customed paper glue; flexible packaging supplies, wrap around labels, in molds, and shrink sleeves, and blisters; adhesive tapes, ribbons, tamper evident seals, and customized void tapes; and folding boxes. It serves personal care, food, wine and spirits, pharma, house care, beverage, and confectionary markets. All4Labels Italy NMS S.R.L. was formerly known as Nuceria Adesivi S.r.l. and changed its name to Nuceria Adesivi S.r.l. in March 2021. The company was founded in 1986 and is based in Nocera Superiore, Italy. All4Labels Italy NMS S.R.L. operates as a subsidiary of All4Labels Group GmbH.
Chong Kun Dang Pharmaceutical Corp. (KOSE:A185750)
Bausch Health Companies Inc. (NYSE:BHC)
Pharmaceuticals
Chong Kun Dang Pharmaceutical Corp. (KOSE:A185750) - Form 
Business Description: Chong Kun Dang pharmaceutical Corp. engages in the manufacturing, marketing, and selling of medicines in South Korea and internationally. It provides prescription drugs for anti-hypertension, anti-hyperlipidemia, and anti-diabetics; over-the-counter drugs, such as Penzal, Prefemine, and Modcol, as well as consumer health products, such as insecticides, hair dye, etc.; and healthcare supplements with preventive benefits. The company also exports its products. Chong Kun Dang pharmaceutical Corp. was founded in 1941 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.
Dova Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Salix Pharmaceuticals Ltd.
Pharmaceuticals
Dova Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2019 Form 10-K
Business Description: Dova Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a pharmaceutical company, focuses on acquiring, developing, and commercializing drug candidates for thrombocytopenia disease. The company’s lead product candidate is DOPTELET that is indicated for the treatment of thrombocytopenia in adult patients with chronic liver disease scheduled to undergo a procedure. It also develops DOPTELET for the treatment of chronic immune thrombocytopenia and chemotherapy-induced thrombocytopenia. Dova Pharmaceuticals, Inc. was founded in 2016 and is headquartered in Durham, North Carolina. As of November 12, 2019, Dova Pharmaceuticals, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (publ).
Formosa Optical Technology Co.,Ltd. (TPEX:5312)
Bausch & Lomb China, Inc.
Other Specialty Retail
Formosa Optical Technology Co.,Ltd. (TPEX:5312) - Form 
Business Description: Formosa Optical Technology Co.,Ltd. operates in the optical industry in Taiwan. The company offers lenses, frames, contact lenses, potions, sunglasses, and multifocal lenses through a network of optical stores. It also engages in the trading of optometry, optics, glasses, and parts, as well as provides agency services. Formosa Optical Technology Co.,Ltd. was founded in 1981 and is based in New Taipei City, Taiwan.
Hyundai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (KOSE:A004310)
Bausch & Lomb Incorporated
Pharmaceuticals
Hyundai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (KOSE:A004310) - Form 
Business Description: Hyundai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. manufactures and distributes pharmaceutical products, health food drinks, and medical equipment in South Korea and internationally. The company offers a range of ETC and OTC products in various therapeutic areas, including antianginal, antibiotic, antiemetics+antinauseants, antihistamines and antiallergics, antihyperlipidemic, antihypertensive, antiplatelet agent, antitussives, cell stimulants and proliferants, central nervous system, depilatory, dermatological agent, dermatology, dietary supplements, digestive system, endocrine system, expectorants, eye tonic and eye vitamins, gynaecolog antifungals, gynaecologic antiseptics, hemostatics, labour inhibitors, leukotriene modulator, narcotic analgesics, NSAIDs, oestrogens, ophthalmic products, OTH.sex horm and similar, SERMS, systemic hormonal contraceptives, urogenital system depilatory, uterotonic products, various alimentary tract and metabolism products, vitamins, acne, allergy, alopecia treatment, analgesics and anti-inflammatory, anemia, antimicrobial and antivirus, arthritis, contraceptives, dermatological agent, diagnostic reagent, gastrointestinal disorder and digestant, lip care, nutrition, ophthalmic product, respiratory, urogenital system, wound healing, and others. The company was founded in 1965 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.
Impax Laboratories, Inc. (Acquired)
Bausch Health Companies Inc. (NYSE:BHC)
Pharmaceuticals
Impax Laboratories, Inc. 2017 Form 10-K
Business Description: As of May 4, 2018, Impax Laboratories, Inc. was acquired by Amneal Pharmaceuticals LLC, in a reverse merger transaction. Impax Laboratories, Inc., a specialty pharmaceutical company, develops, manufactures, and markets bioequivalent pharmaceutical products. It operates in two segments, Impax Generics and Impax Specialty Pharma. The Impax Generics segment provides generic pharmaceutical products directly to wholesalers, retail drug chains, and others; generic prescription products through third-party pharmaceutical entities pursuant to alliance agreements; generic pharmaceutical over-the-counter (OTC) and prescription products to third parties; and generic pharmaceutical OTC products through third-party pharmaceutical companies pursuant to alliance agreements. The Impax Specialty Pharma segment engages in the development, sale, and distribution of proprietary brand pharmaceutical products for the treatment of central nervous system disorders, including migraine, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson’s disease, and post-herpetic neuralgia, as well as other select specialty segments. The company markets and sells its products to drug wholesalers, warehousing chain drug stores, mass merchandisers, and mail-order pharmacies in the continental United States and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. Impax Laboratories, Inc. has a strategic alliance agreement with Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. to develop, manufacture, and distribute controlled release generic pharmaceutical products. The company was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Hayward, California.
JW Holdings Corporation (KOSE:A096760)
Bausch Health Companies Inc. (NYSE:BHC)
Pharmaceuticals
JW Holdings Corporation (KOSE:A096760) - Form 
Business Description: JW Holdings Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells medicines and medical devices in South Korea and internationally. It offers ETC products, consumer healthcare OTC products, and IV solutions machinery systems. The company also exports its products. JW Holdings Corporation was founded in 1945 and is based in Seoul, South Korea.
Master Pharm SA
PharmaSwiss S.A.
Personal Care Products
Master Pharm SA - Form 
Business Description: Master Pharm SA designs and manufactures diet supplements, special nutritional food, dietary products, cosmetics, medical devices, and other consumables in Poland. It also offers contract manufacturing services and product document preparation services. In addition, the company imports and exports supplements and medical devices; and engages in designing, manufacturing, subcontracting, and distributing, as well as conformity assessment for CE mark, and registration of medical devices. Master Pharm SA was formerly known as Master Pharm Poland Ltd. The company was founded in 2002 and is based in Lodz, Poland.
Mentor Worldwide LLC
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International
Health Care Equipment
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Jul-03-2013
Business Description: Mentor Worldwide LLC develops, manufactures, and markets medical products for the aesthetic medicine market in the United States and internationally. It offers breast implants, body contouring products, and facial aesthetic products. It also provides professional education programs. Mentor Worldwide LLC was formerly known as Mentor Corporation and changed its name to Mentor Worldwide LLC in December 2009. The company was founded in 1969 and is based in Irvine, California with direct sales offices in Germany, Australia, the United Kingdom, and Canada. It has manufacturing and research operations in the United States and the Netherlands. Mentor Worldwide LLC operates as a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson.
MINAPHARM Pharmaceuticals (CASE:MIPH)
Bausch & Lomb GmbH
Pharmaceuticals
MINAPHARM Pharmaceuticals (CASE:MIPH) - Form 
Business Description: MINAPHARM Pharmaceuticals operates as a pharmaceutical company primarily in Egypt and the Middle East. The company’s products include Angiofox capsules, Artelac and Berberil eye drops; Bon-one, Ciprodiazole, Dumozol, Hydroquine, and Burinex tablets; Chlorhexidine; DICYNONE; Corneregel fluid and ophthalmic gel; Betolvex and Fleboton ampoules; Deponit patches; Dexagel viscous eye drops; Doxiproct plus and Doxiproct ointment; Doxium capules; Broncho-Vaxom capsules for adults and infants; Broncho-Vaxom infant sachets; Netophtiole plus eye drops; Extrauma cream; and Ophtatrov and Optatrov plus. It also provides Ferroduonal, Lipanthyl, Parafon, Ribavirin, Uro-Vaxom, Ursofalk, Ursoplus, Ursotwin, and Ferro Sanol Gyn capsules; Gyno-Pevaryl, Pevisone, Srilane, and Pevaryl cream; Gonapure; Hair Plus Back 2% and 5%; Hair Plus Back Topical FOAM; Lucidril 500; Lucidril, Salofalk, Trimed flu, XerovirinC, Pixcolt, and Ossopan tablets; Thrombexx ampoules, cream, and gel; Vidisept N drops; and Luciforte, Oxytocin, Reiferon Retard, and Nausilex ampoules. The company offers its products for the treatment of hematoma and thrombosis, iron deficiency anemia, recurrent urinarytract infections, immunostimulants, osteoporosis, renal osteodystrophy, loop diuretics, prophylaxis, hemorrhoids, rheumatoid arthritis, hyperlipidemia, alopecia, skin infections, topical corticosteroids, gynecological antifungals, vaginal infections, anti-infective, dyslipidemia, muscle spasm, dry eye, eye inflammation and allergy, corneal, nausea and vomiting, hepatology and gastroenterology, coronary heart, respiratory tract infections, occular irritation, labour induction, cerebral insufficiency, surgical dressing, prophylaxis, pregnancy and lactation, hemostasis, hemorrhage, infertility, and microvascular diseases, as well as vitamin B12 deficiency, anemia, and diabetic neuropathy. The company was founded in 1958 and is headquartered in Cairo, Egypt.
Nicox S.A. (ENXTPA:ALCOX)
Bausch & Lomb Incorporated
Biotechnology
Nicox S.A. (ENXTPA:ALCOX) - Form 
Business Description: Nicox S.A. operates as an ophthalmology company in France and internationally. The company develops solutions to maintain vision and improve ocular health. Its lead product candidate is NCX 470, a novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost eye drop for lowering intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension, which is in Phase 3 clinical trial. The company is also developing NCX 4251, a novel patented ophthalmic suspension of fluticasone propionate nanocrystals that is in Phase 2b clinical trial for the treatment of dry eye disease; and NCX 1728, an NO-donating Phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitor, which is in preclinical evaluation. It offers VYZULTA, a latanoprostene bunod ophthalmic solution to treat patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension; and ZERVIATE, a cetirizine ophthalmic solution for the treatment of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis. The company was incorporated in 1996 and is headquartered in Valbonne, France.
Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Salix Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Biotechnology
Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2020 Form 10-K
Business Description: Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc., an oncology company, engages in the development and commercialization of various targeted medicines and artificial intelligence to find, fight, and follow cancer. The company’s commercial products comprise AZEDRA for the treatment of patients with unresectable locally advanced or metastatic pheochromocytoma or paraganglioma who require systemic anticancer therapy; and oral and subcutaneous formulations of RELISTORfor the treatment of opioid-induced constipation. Its products also include AZEDRA, 1095, and PSMA TTC that are therapeutic agents to treat cancer; prostate-specific membrane antigen targeted imaging agents for prostate cancer; and imaging analysis technology. The company was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in New York, New York. Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a subsidiary of Lantheus Holdings, Inc.
Softlogic Life Insurance PLC (COSE:AAIC.N0000)
Bausch & Lomb Incorporated
Multi-line Insurance
Softlogic Life Insurance PLC (COSE:AAIC.N0000) 2019 Form Doc
Business Description: Softlogic Life Insurance PLC provides life insurance products to individual and corporate customers in Sri Lanka. It operates in two segments, Life Policyholder fund and Shareholder Fund. It offers protection, retirement, savings, investment, health, term, group life, and decreasing term assurance plans. The company was formerly known as Asian Alliance Insurance PLC and changed its name to Softlogic Life Insurance PLC in October 2016. The company was incorporated in 1999 and is headquartered in Colombo, Sri Lanka. Softlogic Life Insurance PLC operates as a subsidiary of Softlogic Capital PLC.
TerraCycle Canada, ULC
Bausch & Lomb Incorporated
Environmental and Facilities Services
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Jan-27-2020
Business Description: TerraCycle Canada, ULC operates as an upcycling and recycling company that collects used packaging and products, and repurposes waste into materials and products that are available online and through major retailers. The company creates plastic formulations and processes waste into raw materials, such as customized plastic pellets of various material compositions. It upcycles and recycles traditionally non-recyclable waste such as drink pouches, chip bags, tooth brushes into various consumer products. The company was founded in 2001 and is based in Toronto, Canada with additional offices in Germany, Mexico, Argentina, the United Kingdom, and Brazil.
*denotes proprietary relationship