
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Amorchem Holdings Inc

BELLUS Health Inc. 2015 Form Doc
Business Description: There is no business description for this company.
Asclepios Bioresearch (uk) Ltd
Asset Management and Custody Banks
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Oct-24-2013
Business Description: Asclepios Bioresearch (uk) Ltd is a out of business. It is a venture capital firm and is based in London, United Kingdom.
National Research Council Of Canada's Institute For Biological Sciences

BELLUS Health Inc. 2005 Form 40-F
Business Description: There is no business description for this company.
Pharmascience Inc.
Pharmaceuticals
BELLUS Health Inc. 2016 Form Doc
Business Description: Pharmascience Inc. develops, manufactures, markets, and sells prescription, generic, over-the-counter (OTC), and behind-the-counter drug products. The company offers drugs for various therapeutic areas, including oncology, anti-infective, and cardiovascular; (Pr) pms-TRANDOLAPRIL, an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor for the treatment of mild to moderate essential hypertension and the treatment following acute myocardial infarction; and (Pr)pms-PROGESTERONE, a progestin capsule for women with an intact uterus as an adjunct to postmenopausal estrogen replacement therapy to reduce the risk of endometrial hyperplasia and carcinoma. It also offers private label options for OTC drugs in various categories, such as pain management, cough and cold, stomach and gastro-intestinal ailments, and allergies to drug-store retail chains, grocery store banners, and distributors in Canada. In addition, the company offers services in the areas of medical equipment, advertising, and nursing services for pharmacists; and continuing education services. It serves pharmacists, drug wholesalers, retailers, and healthcare providers in Canada and internationally. The company was founded in 1983 and is based in Montreal, Canada with additional offices in Canada, Cyprus, Saudi Arabia, South Korea, Vietnam, and Ukraine. Pharmascience Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Joddes Limited.
Université de Montréal
Education Services
BELLUS Health Inc. 2005 Form 40-F
Business Description: There is no business description for this company.
*denotes proprietary relationship