
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Ginger Capital Investment Holding Ltd
Asset Management and Custody Banks
Bionik Laboratories Corp. (OTCPK:BNKL) 2020 Form 10-K
Business Description: Ginger Capital Investment Holding Ltd
Wistron Corporation (TWSE:3231)
Technology Hardware, Storage and Peripherals
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Jun-26-2017
Business Description: Wistron Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and sells information technology products in Taiwan, Asia, and internationally. The company engages in the research, development, design, manufacture, testing, and sale of desktop computers, notebook computers, motherboards, servers, system platforms, high-speed and multi-function multiple-CPU computer systems, multi-media computers, network computers, consumer-type computers and special computers, microprocessors, CD-ROMs, PDAs, panel PCs, pocket computers, and interface cards. The company also offers video and internet telephones, video conferencing equipment, and telecommunication equipment; digital satellite TV receivers, set-top boxes, digital video decoders, and multi-media appliance products; digital cameras, CD-ROM drives, and DVD-ROM drives; wireless receiver products comprising mobile phones, wireless LAN cards, and Bluetooth communication modules; and LCD TVs and other electronic audio and visual products. In addition, it designs and merchandises computer software and programs; recycles electronic waste; and offers in vitro diagnostic devices, therapeutic equipment, intelligent assistive devices, diagnostic x-ray units, physiological signal diagnostic devices, and medical date systems. Further, the company is involved in the manufacturing, processing, and selling of electronic products for automobiles; maintenance and cleaning of electronics products; import and export trade operations; sale and maintenance of computer products and related parts and components, data storage equipment, and digital monitoring systems; internet platform development; and provision and sale of application services and consultation. The company was incorporated in 2001 and is headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan.
Wistron Medical Tech Holding Company
Office Services and Supplies
Bionik Laboratories Corp. (OTCPK:BNKL) 2019 Form S-1
Business Description: Wistron Medical Tech Holding Company is a holding company. The company, through its subsidiary, provides operational management services. The company is based in Taiwan. Wistron Medical Tech Holding Company operates as a subsidiary of Wistron Corporation.
*denotes proprietary relationship