
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Company Name
Primary Industry
Source
3a-diagnostics GmbH
BioNxt Solutions Inc. (CNSX:BNXT)
Health Care Equipment
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Jul-06-2020
Business Description: 3a-diagnostics GmbH engages in the development, production, and marketing of point-of-care test systems. It also develops a pipeline of peptide-based biosensor screening tests for bacterial and viral infectious diseases which include stomatitis, periimplantitis, periodontitis, scarlet fever, and influenza. The company was incorporated in 2019 and is based in Frickenhausen, Germany.
Technische Universität München Institut Für Siliciumchemie
BUNKER Pflanzenextrakte GmbH
Education Services
BioNxt Solutions Inc. (CNSX:BNXT) 2020 Form Doc
Business Description: Technische Universität München operates educational institute that offers graduate and undergraduate courses in Germany. Technische Universität München was founded in 1868 and is headquartered in Munich, Germany.
Technische Universität München Institut Für Siliciumchemie
XPhyto Laboratories Inc
Education Services
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Aug-14-2019
Business Description: Technische Universität München operates educational institute that offers graduate and undergraduate courses in Germany. Technische Universität München was founded in 1868 and is headquartered in Munich, Germany.
University of Alberta
XPhyto Laboratories Inc
Education Services
BioNxt Solutions Inc. (CNSX:BNXT) 2020 Form Doc
Business Description: University of Alberta is a research-intensive university that offers graduate, undergraduate, masters, and doctoral programs. The university offers programs in agriculture, forestry and home economics, arts, business management and accounting, education, engineering, law, medicine and dentistry, pharmacy and pharmaceutical sciences, and nursing. University of Alberta was founded in 1908 and is based in Edmonton, Canada.
*denotes proprietary relationship