Company Overview
Company Type: Private Company
Website: bpgbio.com
Global Number of Employees (Latest): 80
Year Founded: 2006
Total Amount Raised (CAD mm)†: -
Total Rounds of Funding**:-
Latest Post-Money Valuation ($ mm) -
Latest Pre-Money Valuation ($ mm) -
† This number reflects the estimated value of the total new money raised through private placement rounds.
** This value is an estimate of the total number of funding rounds this company has received.


Business Description
BPGbio, Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, develops therapeutics and diagnostics candidates in the areas of oncology, neurology, and rare diseases. The company was founded in 2006 and is based in Framingham, Massachusetts.


Financial Information (Currency: CAD, in mm)
Total Revenue
 24.6
Operating Income
-
Total Assets
-
Gross Profit
-
EBITDA
-
Total Debt
-
Net Income
-
Global Number of Employees (Latest)
 80
Net Debt
-
U.S. Number of Employees 2023
-
U.S. Number of Employees 2022
-
U.S. Last Year Employee Growth %
-
* Hover over data point numbers for date and source.

Key Professionals
No Key Professionals have been profiled.


Primary Industry Classification
Biotechnology


Primary Office Location
500 Old Connecticut Path | Framingham, MA | 01701 | United States
Phone: 617 588 0083   


Company Notes
No Company Notes exist.


Strategy Notes
No Strategy Notes exist.


Current and Pending Subsidiaries / Investments
Company Name
Business Description
Geography
Primary Industry
LTM Total Rev.($mm)
LFQ Total Assets ($mm)
LFQ Total Debt ($mm)
Substantially All Of The Assets Of Berg, LLC
As of January 17, 2023, Substantially All Of The Assets Of Berg, LLC was acquired by BPGbio, Inc.

United States and Canada
-
-
-
-


Last 5 Transactions
Announced Date
Closed Date
Transaction Type
Role
Target
Buyer/Investors
Sellers
Size($mm)
Jan-31-2023
Jan-17-2023
Merger/Acquisition
Buyer
Substantially All Of The Assets Of Berg, LLC
BPGbio, Inc.
BERG, LLC
-
* denotes that the relationship is proprietary


Last 5 Key Developments
Date
Event Type
Headline
Oct-03-2023
Product-Related Announcements
BPGbio Announces Promising Readout from Phase 2a Trial Evaluating BPM 31510 IV for Pancreatic Cancer
Oct-02-2023
Executive/Board Changes - Other
BPGbio, Inc. Appoints Vijay Modur, M.D., Ph.D. as SVP and Chief Medical Officer
Jul-25-2023
Strategic Alliances
BPGbio, Inc. and VELL Health Collaborate to Launch Revolutionary Global Health Initiative to Improve Type 2 Diabetes Outcomes in Guyana
Jul-12-2023
Strategic Alliances
BPGbio, Inc. Announces Partnership with Grupo Terralpe, Inc. to Offer Ai-Discovered Prostate Cancer Diagnostic Test in Mexico
Jul-10-2023
Executive/Board Changes - Other
BPGbio, Inc. Announces Appointment of Robert Redfield as Scientific Advisory Board

M&A Advisors
Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP


Advisors
M&A Advisors
Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP


Last 10 Investment Research Documents
No Investment Research returned. This can be caused by entitlement settings or your template settings.


S&P Global Ratings Credit Ratings
No S&P Global Ratings Credit Ratings data available. 


News Headlines
No News is currently available for the selected sources.


Company Coverage
This company is not on any Coverage List.

Key Executives and Professionals Details
No Key Executives and Professionals exist.

S&P Credit Ratings and Research provided by 
No content (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, as well as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content, or for the security or maintenance of any data input by the user. The Content is provided on an "as is" basis. S&P GLOBAL PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT’S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of such damages.

Credit-related and other analyses, including ratings, and statements in the Content are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact. S&P Global Market Intelligence’s opinions, analyses and rating acknowledgment decisions (described below) are not recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered as such. While S&P Global Market Intelligence has obtained information from sources it believes to be reliable, S&P Global Market Intelligence does not perform an audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent verification of any information it receives.

S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain non-public information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global Ratings does not contribute to or participate in the creation of credit scores generated by S&P Global Market Intelligence. Lowercase nomenclature is used to differentiate S&P Global Market Intelligence PD credit model scores from the credit ratings issued by S&P Global Ratings.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.capitaliq.com (subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors. Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
Regulatory News Service data provided by 
