
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Montreal Heart Institute
Health Care Facilities
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Jun-08-2015
Business Description: Montreal Heart Institute operate as a cardiology hospital. Its services include various cardiovascular diseases diagnosis and treatment, infection prevention and control, psychosomatic medicine, nuclear medicine, anesthesiology, radiology, medical biology, and a pharmacy; and heart surgeries, hemodynamic procedures, and electrophysiology procedures. Montreal Heart Institute has a partnership with BIOMODEX. Montreal Heart Institute was founded in 1954 and is based in Montréal-Ouest, Canada.
Roche Holding AG (SWX:ROG)
Pharmaceuticals
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Jun-09-2015
Business Description: Roche Holding AG engages in the pharmaceuticals and diagnostics businesses in Switzerland, Germany, the United States, and internationally. The company offers pharmaceutical products in the therapeutic areas of oncology, neuroscience, infectious diseases, immunology, hemophilia, ophthalmology, dermatology, respiratory, anemia, inflammatory and autoimmune, and transplantation. It also offers in vitro tests for the diagnosis of various diseases, such as cancer, cardiovascular, diabetes, Covid-19, hepatitis, human papillomavirus, and other diseases. In addition, the company supplies diagnostic instruments and reagents. It has a research collaboration agreement with Synlogic, Inc. for the discovery of a novel synthetic biotic for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD); and strategic agreement with Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to develop and commercialize zilebesiran. Roche Holding AG was founded in 1896 and is headquartered in Basel, Switzerland.
*denotes proprietary relationship