
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
BIKAM Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Pharmaceuticals
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Mar-06-2008
Business Description: BIKAM Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a drug discovery company, focuses on the discovery and development of novel drugs for degenerative diseases of the eye. It discovers and develops pharmacologic chaperones for misfolded proteins within the retina that lead to serious retinal degenerative disease and blindness, including retinitis pigmentosa and dry age-related macular degeneration. The company was founded in 2007 and is based in Cambridge, Massachusetts. As of July 9, 2014, BIKAM Pharmaceuticals, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Shire plc.
Lonza Group AG (SWX:LONN)
Life Sciences Tools and Services
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Nov-15-2010
Business Description: Lonza Group AG, together with its subsidiaries, supplies various products and services for pharmaceutical, biotech, and nutrition markets in Europe and internationally. It operates through Biologics, Small Molecules, Cell & Gene, and Capsules & Health Ingredients segments. The Biologics segment engages in the contract development and manufacturing of biopharmaceuticals for clinical and commercial manufacturing needs throughout the product lifecycle, including drug substance and drug product manufacturing. The Small Molecules segment operates as an integrated development and manufacturing service provider for small molecule drug substances and their intermediates. It supports customers across various aspects of design, development, and manufacturing. The Cell & Gene segment develops technologies and platforms that industrialize the manufacturing processes and production of cell and gene therapies. It also offers contract development and manufacturing services, and regulatory support for a range of allogeneic and autologous cell therapies, and exosome-based therapies, as well as viral vector gene therapies. In addition, this segment provides Cocoon platform, a closed automated system for patient-scale cell therapy manufacturing; and specialty raw materials and enabling technology solutions in cell and gene therapy, injectable drugs, vaccines, and bio-manufacturing markets. The Capsules & Health Ingredients segment offers capsules, dosage form solutions, and health ingredients for pharmaceutical and nutraceutical customers. The company was incorporated in 1897 and is headquartered in Basel, Switzerland.
Sanmar Speciality Chemicals Limited
Specialty Chemicals
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances May-11-2009
Business Description: Sanmar Speciality Chemicals Limited manufactures speciality chemicals, and offers contract research services. It produces Performance chemicals for the flavours and fragrances, polyvinyl formal, polymers and elastomers and biocide industries.The company was incorporated in 1982 and is based in Chennai, India. Sanmar Speciality Chemicals Limited operates as a subsidiary of Sanmar Holdings Limited.
*denotes proprietary relationship