
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Company Name
Primary Industry
Source
4D pharma plc
Diversigen, Inc.
Biotechnology
4D pharma plc - Form Doc
Business Description: 4D pharma plc, together with its subsidiaries, develops live biotherapeutic products (LBPs) in the United Kingdom. The company develops therapeutic candidates, including MRx0518 for the treatment of cancer and immune-oncology diseases; MRx-4DP0004 for the treatment of asthma; MRx0029 and MRx0005 the treatment of central nervous system disorders; Blautix for irritable bowel syndrome; and Thetanix for pediatric crohn’s disease. It also develops products candidates, such as MRx1299 for solid tumors, MRx0006 for rheumatoid arthritis, and MRx0002 for multiple sclerosis. In addition, the company develops MicroRx platform to discover new LBP candidates for major diseases. 4D pharma plc has a collaboration agreement with Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and Pfizer to evaluate MRx0518; strategic collaboration agreement with University of Texas MD Anderson for discovery and development of LBPs in oncology; and Merck & Co., Inc. to conduct a clinical trial evaluating the combination of Keytruda, MRx0518 in patients with solid tumors, and to discover and develop LBPs for vaccines. The company was formerly known as Schosween 18 Limited. 4D pharma plc was incorporated in 2014 and is headquartered in Leeds, the United Kingdom.
IntegraGen SA (ENXTPA:ALINT)
DNA Genotek Inc.
Biotechnology
IntegraGen SA (ENXTPA:ALINT) - Form 
Business Description: IntegraGen SA provides human genome analysis services for academic researcher and life sciences companies in France. Its genomic services include transcriptomics, epigenomics, DNA sequencing, NGS testing for cancer research, and SNP genotyping. The company offers clinical research services, such as clinical grade sequencing and pharmacogenomics; basic and human genetic research; agrigenomic services, including crop and livestock genotyping and high-throughput sequencing for crops and livestock; and microbial genomics services comprising whole-genome microbial sequencing and microbial transcriptomics. It also provides MERCURY, an online biological interpretation tool for oncology intended to assist pathologists and oncologists in transforming raw data obtained through high-throughput sequencing into a molecular report for translational and clinical research use; SIRIUS, a cloud-based software tool that enables researchers to analyze whole genome, whole exome, and gene panel sequencing data; Galileo, a cloud-based app for dynamic exporation of RNA-Seq expression data; and GeCo, a genomic consulting service that offers researchers with access to biostatistics and bioanalytics experts. IntegraGen SA was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Évry, France. IntegraGen SA is a subsidiary of OncoDNA SA.
Kaleido Biosciences, Inc. (OTCPK:KLDO)
CoreBiome, Inc.
Pharmaceuticals
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Oct-11-2017
Business Description: Kaleido Biosciences, Inc., a clinical-stage healthcare company, develops microbiome metabolic therapies. The company develops KB195 for the treatment of patients with urea cycle disorder; KB295 to treat ulcerative colitis; KB174 for the treatment of hepatic encephalopathy; and KB109 to treat COVID-19 disease. It also develops programs for the treatment of multi drug resistant infection, chronic kidney disease, atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, cardio-metabolic syndrome, immuno-oncology, and inflammatory bowel diseases. The company has collaboration agreements with Institute Gustave Roussy, Washington University, and Janssen. Kaleido Biosciences, Inc. was incorporated in 2015 and is headquartered in Lexington, Massachusetts.
Prescient Metabiomics
CoreBiome, Inc.

Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Dec-17-2019
Business Description: There is no business description for this company.
Rebiotix, Inc.
CoreBiome, Inc.
Biotechnology
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Jan-08-2018
Business Description: Rebiotix, Inc., a clinical stage biotechnology company that develops and commercializes therapies for the treatment of debilitating diseases. It offers human microbiota restoration therapy drug platform, microbiome, clostridium difficile, inflammatory bowel disease/ulcerative colitis, hepatic encephalopathy, and multi-drug resistant organisms. Rebiotix, Inc. was formerly known as MikrobEX Inc. and changed its name to Rebiotix, Inc. on October 2011. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in Roseville, Minnesota. As of April 4, 2018, Rebiotix, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Ferring International Center, S.A.
Robarts Clinical Trials Inc
Diversigen, Inc.

Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Jun-25-2020
Business Description: There is no business description for this company.
*denotes proprietary relationship