
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Company Name
Primary Industry
Source
Amaran Biotechnology, Inc.
Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc.
Pharmaceuticals
Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc. 2016 Form 10-K
Business Description: Amaran Biotechnology, Inc. develops and manufactures glycoprotein drugs for breast cancer. The company offers Haoding (OBI Pharma) Advanced Metastatic Breast Cancer Drugs OBI-822 and OBI-821. Amaran Biotechnology, Inc. was founded in 2010 and is based in Zhubei City, Taiwan.
Bayer Innovation GmbH
Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc.
Pharmaceuticals
Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc. 2016 Form 10-K
Business Description: Bayer Innovation GmbH, along with its subsidiaries, produces plant-made pharmaceuticals, and develops medical technology in the fields of health care, nutrition, and materials. It produces pharmaceuticals using tobacco plants. The company was founded in 2004 and is based in Düsseldorf, Germany. Bayer Innovation GmbH operates as a subsidiary of Bayer Aktiengesellschaft
Neovacs S.A. (ENXTPA:ALNEV)
Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc.
Biotechnology
Stellar Biotechnologies, Inc. 2018 Form 10-K
Business Description: Neovacs S.A., a biotechnology company, focuses on the development of therapeutic vaccines for the treatment of autoimmune, inflammatory, allergy, and cancer diseases in France. It develops treatments for autoimmune diseases using its Kinoid technology. The company’s product pipeline includes IFNa Kinoid, an anti-interferon alpha vaccine that is in Phase IIb clinical trial for the treatment of lupus erythematosus; and Phase IIa clinical trial for the treatment of dermatomyositis; and IL-4/IL-13 Kinoid that is in preclinical stage for the treatment of allergies. The company was founded in 1993 and is based in Paris, France.
*denotes proprietary relationship