
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Bayer Aktiengesellschaft (XTRA:BAYN)
Pharmaceuticals
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Oct-07-2010
Business Description: Bayer Aktiengesellschaft, together its subsidiaries, operates as a life science company worldwide. It operates through Pharmaceuticals, Consumer Health, and Crop Science segments. The Pharmaceuticals segment offers prescription products primarily for cardiology and women’s health care; specialty therapeutics in the areas of oncology, hematology, and ophthalmology; and diagnostic imaging equipment and contrast agents, as well as cell and gene therapy. The Consumer Health segment markets nonprescription over-the-counter medicines, medical products, medicated skincare products, nutritional supplements, and self-care solutions in dermatology, nutritional supplements, pain and cardiovascular risk prevention, digestive health, allergy, and cold and cough. The Crop Science segment offers chemical and biological crop protection products, improved plant traits, seeds, digital solution, and pest and weed control products, as well as customer service for agriculture. This segment also provides breeding, propagation, and production/processing of seeds, including seed dressing. The company has a collaboration agreement with MD Anderson Cancer Center to develop oncology drugs; research and license agreement with Dewpoint Therapeutics, Inc. for the development of new treatments for cardiovascular and gynecological diseases; collaboration agreement with Exscientia Ltd, Foundation Medicine Inc., and Evotec AG; research collaboration with Arvinas Inc.; strategic research partnership with University of Oxford to develop novel gynecological therapies; and Kyoto University to identify new drugs candidates for the treatment of pulmonary diseases, as well as collaboration with Bicycle Therapeutics to develop bicyclic peptides. It distributes its products through wholesalers, pharmacies and pharmacy chains, supermarkets, online and other retailers, and hospitals, as well as directly to farmers. Bayer Aktiengesellschaft was founded in 1863 and is headquartered in Leverkusen, Germany.
Bayer Pharma AG
Pharmaceuticals
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances May-06-2010
Business Description: Bayer Pharma AG develops, manufactures, and markets healthcare products. Its products provide treatment for cancer, such as colorectal cancer, gastrointestinal stromal tumor, liver cancer, prostate cancer, and thyroid cancer; heart and blood disorder that includes, thrombosis, blood pressure, hemophilia, and heart attack and stroke; women health, including contraception, gynecological therapy, and endometriosis; men health, such as testosterone deficiency and erectile dysfunction; and other treatment, including diabetes, infectious diseases, and multiple sclerosis. It also provides clinical trials, healthcare policy, and therapeutic solutions. Bayer Pharma AG was formerly known as Bayer Schering Pharma Aktiengesellschaft and changed its name to Bayer Pharma AG in July 2011. The company was founded in 1851 and is based in Leverkusen, Germany. Bayer Pharma AG operates as a subsidiary of Bayer Aktiengesellschaft.
Le Centre Hospitalier De L’universite Laval

Endoceutics, Inc. 2007 Form F-1
Business Description: There is no business description for this company.
*denotes proprietary relationship