
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Janssen Biotech, Inc.
Biotechnology
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Oct-14-2015
Business Description: Janssen Biotech, Inc., operates as a biopharmaceutical company, engages in development and commercialization of therapeutic products for patients and the healthcare community. It offers products that are developed through monoclonal antibody technology. Janssen Biotech, Inc. was formerly known as Centocor Ortho Biotech, Inc. and changed its name to Janssen Biotech, Inc. in June 2011. The company was incorporated in 1979 and is based in Horsham, Pennsylvania. Janssen Biotech, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson.
Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (TSE:4502)
Pharmaceuticals
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Jan-12-2016
Business Description: Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited engages in the research, development, manufacture, marketing, and out-licensing of pharmaceutical products in Japan and internationally. It offers pharmaceutical products in the areas of gastroenterology, rare diseases, plasma derived therapies, immunology, oncology, and neuroscience. The company provides its products under the Entyvio, Gattex/Revestive, Takecab/Vocinti, Alofisel, Dexilant, Pantoloc/Controloc, Adynovate/Adynovi, Feiba, Recombinate, Hemofil/Immunate/Immunine, Takhzyro, Livtencity, Elaprase, Replagal, Advate, Flexbumin, Vpriv, Gammagard Liquid/Kiovig, Hyqvia, Cuvitru, Exkivity, Ninlaro, Velcade, Azilva-F, Lotriga, Iclusig, Leuplin/Enantone, Adcetris, vyvanse/elvanse, Trintellix, and Alunbrig brands. It has in-license agreement with BioMarin, Luxna Biotech, GlaxoSmithKline, Halozyme, and Kamada; collaboration with Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc., Seagen Inc., Anima Biotech, Denali Therapeutics, KSQ Therapeutics, Noile-Immune Biotech, Center for iPS Cell Research Application, Kyoto University (CiRA), and Charles River Laboratories; licensing agreement with Mirum Pharmaceuticals and Twist Bioscience, UCSD/Fortis Advisors, PeptiDream, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, and Xenetic Biosciences; collaboration and licensing agreement with Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Inc., Engitix, Genevant Sciences Corporation, Sosei Heptares, Zedira/Dr. Falk Pharma, JCR Pharmaceuticals, Exelixis, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline, Heidelberg Pharma, HUTCHMED, Presage Biosciences, Codexis, Inc., Ensoma, Envozyne, KM Biologics, and Selecta BioScience, and Ovid Therapeutics Inc.; and collaboration with ZEDIRA GmbH and Dr. Falk Pharma GmbH. It has research collaboration and licensing agreement with Crescendo Biologics, Code Bio, Immusoft, Poseida Therapeutics, and Selecta Biosciences. The company was founded in 1781 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.
*denotes proprietary relationship