
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Company Name
Primary Industry
Source
EIDP, Inc.
Blue Heron Biotechnology, Inc.
Fertilizers and Agricultural Chemicals
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Mar-01-2012
Business Description: EIDP, Inc. provides seeds and crop protection products for the agriculture industry in the United States, Canada, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Latin America, and the Asia Pacific. It operates through two segments, Seed and Crop Protection. The Seed segment offers corn, soybean, and other oil seeds; trait technologies that enhance resistance to weather, disease, insects, and herbicides, which is used to control weeds; and digital solutions that assist farmer decision-making, as well as develops and supplies advanced germplasm and traits that produce yield for farms; and provides. The Crop Protection segment serves the agricultural input industry with products that protect against weeds, insects and other pests, and diseases, as well as enhance overall crop health above and below ground via nitrogen management and seed-applied technologies. This segment provides herbicides, insecticides, nitrogen stabilizers and pasture, and range management herbicides. The company offers its products under the Pioneer, Brevant, Dairyland Seed, Hoegemeyer, Nutech, Seed Consultants, AgVenture, Alforex, Cordius, DUO, NEXSEM, Nord, PhytoGen, Pannar, ENLIST E3, ENLIST, EXZACT, Herculex, Leptra, PowerCore, Ultra Enlist, Optimum, AcreMax, REFUGE ADVANCED, SMARTSTAX, NEXERA, AQUAmax, ExpressSun, Pioneer Protector, Pioneer MAXIMUS, Clearfield, PROPOUND, Conkesta, Conkesta E3, WideStrike, Inzen, BOLT, STS, MAXIMUS, CottonBest, HarvXtra, Hi-Gest, Hi-Salt, Hi-Ton, Brevant Protector, Bovalta, Intrasect, LumiGEN, Lumisena, Lumiverd, Lumiscend, Lumisure, Lumiflex, Lumiante, LumiTreo, Dermacor, Vertisan, Lumiderm, Lumivia, and Lumialza brand names. EIDP, Inc. was formerly known as E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company. The company was founded in 1802 and is headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware. EIDP, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Corteva, Inc.
*denotes proprietary relationship