
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Company Name
Primary Industry
Source
Power Metals Corp. (TSXV:PWM)
Expedition Mining Inc.
Diversified Metals and Mining
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Jun-23-2011
Business Description: Power Metals Corp., an exploration company, engages in the acquisition, exploration, and evaluation of resource properties in Canada. The company primarily explores for lithium, cesium, and tantalum metal deposits. It holds a 100% interest in the Case Lake property that consists of 475 cell claims located in Ontario. The company also has an option agreement to acquire 100% interests in the Paterson Lake property consisting of 106 cell claims located in northwestern Ontario; and holds Gullwing-Tot Lake property that consists of 112 cell claims located in northwestern Ontario. The company was formerly known as Aldrin Resource Corp. and changed its name to Power Metals Corp. in December 2016. Power Metals Corp. was incorporated in 2005 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.
Silver Spruce Resources Inc. (TSXV:SSE)
Expedition Mining Inc.
Diversified Metals and Mining
Expedition Mining Inc. 2008 Form Doc
Business Description: Silver Spruce Resources Inc., a exploration stage company, explores for precious and base minerals. The company primarily explores for zinc, silver, gold, and rare earth elements. It holds option agreements to acquire interest in the Melchett Lake project in northern Ontario; the Mystery, Marilyn, and Till Properties in Newfoundland and Labrador; and the Pino de Plata project, the Jackie project, and the Diamante project in Mexico. The company was formerly known as First Labrador Acquisitions Inc. and changed its name to Silver Spruce Resources Inc. in October 2004. Silver Spruce Resources Inc. was incorporated in 1996 and is headquartered in Bedford, Canada.
TVMAX Holdings, Inc.
Imagin Medical Inc. (CNSX:IME)
Integrated Telecommunication Services
Imagin Medical Inc. (CNSX:IME) 2017 Form Doc
Business Description: TVMAX Holdings, Inc. operates as a network based provider of integrated communications services, including local and long distance telephone and cable television services to residents of multiple dwelling units. It offers cable television and telecommunications services in various metropolitan areas, including Houston, Dallas-Fort Worth, Los Angeles, San Diego, Miami-Ft. Lauderdale, Phoenix, Denver, San Francisco, Chicago, Atlanta, and Orlando. TVMAX Holdings, Inc. was formerly known as OpTel, Inc. and changed its name to TVMAX Holdings, Inc. in January 2002. The company was founded in 1993 and is based in Houston, Texas. TVMAX Holdings, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Videotron Ltd.
U.S. Department of Energy
Imagin Medical Inc. (CNSX:IME)
Diversified Support Services
Imagin Medical Inc. (CNSX:IME) 2017 Form Doc
Business Description: U.S. Department of Energy is a government institution which offers national, economic, and energy services to United States. The department assists in applying scientific and nuclear technology for defense purposes, supplies environment friendly energy, provides scientific knowledge, and assists in disposal of radioactive wastes. It offers services by running programs that include Civilian Radioactive Waste Management; Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy; Environment, Safety, and Health; Environmental Management; Fossil Energy; Nuclear Energy; Science and Technology Science; and Worker and Community Transition. U.S. Department of Energy was founded in 1977 and is based in Washington, District Of Columbia.
University of Rochester
Imagin Medical Inc. (CNSX:IME)
Education Services
Imagin Medical Inc. (CNSX:IME) 2017 Form Doc
Business Description: University of Rochester is an educational institution that offers degree programs at the bachelors, masters, and doctoral level. The schools of the university include William E. Simon Graduate School of Business Administration; Margaret Warner Graduate School of Education and Human Development; School of Medicine and Dentistry; School of Nursing; Strong Memorial Hospital; Golisano Children's Hospital; Eastman Dental Center; Laboratory for Laser Energetic; and Center for Optoelectronics and Imaging. University of Rochester was founded in 1850 and is based in Rochester, New York.
*denotes proprietary relationship