
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Elite Laboratories, Inc.
Pharmaceuticals
Intellipharmaceutics International Inc. (TSX:IPCI) 2005 Form SB-2
Business Description: Elite Laboratories, Inc. develops oral controlled release products including cardiovasculars, anti-arthritics, and anti-infectives. It also offers services in areas that include biopharmaceuticals, pharmacokinetics, formulation and processing, analytic techniques including automated in vitro release testing, HPLC analysis, and in vivo evaluations. The company also offers contract manufacturing services. It was founded in 1990 and is based in Northvale, New Jersey. Elite Laboratories, Inc. is a subsidiary of Elite Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Elite Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (OTCPK:ELTP)
Pharmaceuticals
Intellipharmaceutics International Inc. (TSX:IPCI) 2005 Form SB-2
Business Description: Elite Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a specialty pharmaceutical company, engages in the development, manufacture, and sale of oral, controlled-release products, and generic pharmaceuticals. The company operates in two segments, Abbreviated New Drug Applications for Generic Pharmaceuticals and New Drug Applications for Branded Pharmaceuticals. It owns, licenses, manufactures, and sells various generic and oral dose pharmaceuticals products, such as Phentermine HCl 37.5mg tablets, and 15mg and 30mg capsules for the treatment of bariatrics under Adipex-P brand; Phendimetrazine Tartrate 35mg tablets for bariatrics under the Bontril brand; Naltrexone HCl 50mg tablets for the treatment of pains under the Revia brand; and Isradipine 2.5mg and 5mg capsules for cardiovascular diseases. The company also provides Trimipramine Maleate Immediate Release antidepressant capsules under the Surmontil brand; Dextroamphetamine Saccharate, Amphetamine Aspartate, Dextroamphetamine Sulfate, and Amphetamine Sulfate Immediate Release tablets under the Adderall brand, as well as Dextroamphetamine Saccharate, Amphetamine Aspartate, Dextroamphetamine Sulfate, Amphetamine Sulfate Extended Release capsules under the Adderall XR brand for central nervous system diseases; Dantrolene Sodium capsules for muscle relaxant under the Dantrium brand; SequestOX, an immediate release Oxycodone with Naltrexone; Loxapine Succinate capsules for treating antipsychotic under the Loxapine brand; Acetaminophen and Codeine Phosphate for the management of mild to moderate pain; and antibiotic products. In addition, it manufactures controlled-release products on a contract basis for third parties in the areas of pain, allergy, bariatric, attention deficit, and infection. Further, the company is developing a range of abuse deterrent opioid products. Elite Pharmaceuticals, Inc. was incorporated in 1997 and is headquartered in Northvale, New Jersey.
Par Pharmaceutical Companies Inc.
Pharmaceuticals
Intellipharmaceutics International Inc. (TSX:IPCI) 2012 Form 20-F
Business Description: Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc. develops, licenses, manufactures, markets, and distributes generic drugs in the United States. It operates through two segments, Par Pharmaceutical and Par Specialty Pharmaceuticals. The Par Pharmaceutical segment markets generic products under Par Pharmaceutical brand name and sterile products under the Par Sterile brand. This segment also offers dosage forms and delivery systems, including oral solids and alternate dosage forms, such as oral solids, injectables, topicals, nasal sprays, ophthalmics, films, and transdermal patches. In addition, this segment markets pharmaceutical products, including Exforge, Lovaza, Precedex, Lamictal XR, Luvox CR, and Focalin XR; and authorized generic products, including entecavir, budesonide nasal spray, and digoxin, as well as metoprolol succinate ER, budesonide, candesartan cilexetil, rizatriptan, and modafinil. The Par Specialty Pharmaceuticals segment focuses on the marketing and distribution of Nascobal Nasal Spray, a prescription vitamin B12 treatment indicated for maintenance of remission in certain pernicious anemia patients; and Megace ES for the treatment of anorexia, cachexia, or any unexplained significant weight loss in patients with a diagnosis of AIDS. The company markets its generic products to wholesalers, drug store chains, supermarket chains, mass merchandisers, distributors, mail order accounts, hospitals, and the government. Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc. was founded in 1978 and is based in Chestnut Ridge, New York. Par Pharmaceutical Companies Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Par Pharmaceutical Holdings, Inc. On August 16, 2022, Par Pharmaceutical Companies Inc. filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. It is in joint administration with Endo International plc.
Par Pharmaceutical, Inc.
Pharmaceuticals
Intellipharmaceutics International Inc. (TSX:IPCI) 2014 Form 20-F
Business Description: Par Pharmaceutical, Inc. develops, manufactures, and distributes generic drugs in the United States. The company was founded in 1978 and is based in Woodcliff Lake, New Jersey. Par Pharmaceutical, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Par Pharmaceutical Companies Inc.
*denotes proprietary relationship