
Customize View
Recently disclosed strategic alliances only (within the last two years)
Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Company Name
Primary Industry
Source
Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. (NasdaqGM:AQST)
IntelGenx Technologies Corp. (OTCPK:IGXT)
Pharmaceuticals
IntelGenx Technologies Corp. (OTCPK:IGXT) 2023 Form 10-K
Business Description: Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc., a pharmaceutical company, focuses on identifying, developing, and commercializing various products to address unmet medical needs in the United States and internationally. The company markets Sympazan, an oral soluble film formulation of clobazam for the treatment of lennox-gastaut syndrome; Suboxone, a sublingual film formulation of buprenorphine and naloxone for the treatment of opioid dependence; Zuplenz, an oral soluble film formulation of ondansetron for the treatment of nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy and post-operative recovery; and Azstarys, a once-daily product for the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. The company's proprietary product candidates comprise Libervant, a buccal soluble film formulation of diazepam for the treatment of seizures; and Exservan, an oral soluble film formulation of riluzole for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Its proprietary pipeline of complex molecule products include AQST-108, a sublingual film formulation delivering systemic epinephrine for the treatment of conditions other than anaphylaxis; and AQST-109, an orally delivered epinephrine product candidate for the emergency treatment of allergic reactions, including anaphylaxis. Further, the company develops KYNMOBI, a sublingual film formulation of apomorphine for the treatment of episodic off-periods in Parkinson’s disease. Aquestive Therapeutics, Inc. was incorporated in 2004 and is headquartered in Warren, New Jersey.
ATAI Life Sciences AG
IntelGenx Technologies Corp. (OTCPK:IGXT)
Biotechnology
IntelGenx Technologies Corp. (OTCPK:IGXT) 2023 Form 10-K
Business Description: ATAI Life Sciences AG operates as a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The company engages in developing various therapeutic candidates that are focused on multiple mental health disorders. The company’s therapeutic candidates include PCN-101, a subcutaneous formulation of R-ketamine for the treatment of treatment-resistant depression (TRD); RL-007, a GABA/nicotinic modulator to treat cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia; DMX-1002, an oral formulation of ibogaine for treating opioid use disorder (OUD); GRX-917, an oral formulation of a deuterated version of etifoxine for the generalized anxiety disorder treatment; and NN-101, a novel intranasal formulation of N-acetylcysteine to treat mild traumatic brain injuries. Its therapeutic candidates also comprise VLS-01 is a formulation of N,N-dimethyltryptamine for treating TRD; EMP-01, an oral formulation of an 3,4-methyl enedioxy methamphetamine for the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder; RLS-01, a formulation of Salvinorin A for TRD; KUR-101, an oral formulation of deuterated mitragynine to treat OUD; and DMX-1001, an oral formulation of noribogaine for the treatment of OUD. The company was incorporated in 2018 and is based in Berlin, Germany with additional offices in New York and London. ATAI Life Sciences AG operates as a subsidiary of Atai Life Sciences N.V.
Douglas Mental Health University Institute
IntelGenx Corp.
Health Care Facilities
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Feb-14-2019
Business Description: Douglas Mental Health University Institute provides diagnostic, medical treatment, and monitoring services for patients who suffer from mental illness.. It offers bilingual outpatient and inpatient psychiatric clinical care for adults, youth, and children. The company also provides specialized services for anxiety, autism, eating, mood, personality, attention deficit, prevention and early intervention program for psychoses, intellectually handicapped with psychiatric disorders, and severe and persistent disorders. In addition, it offers biopsychosocial and psychiatric evaluation, and short- and long-term treatment to the elderly. It was formerly known as Douglas Hospital and changed its name to Douglas Mental Health University Institute in 2006. Douglas Mental Health University Institute was founded in 1881 and is based in Montreal, Canada.
Tilray, Inc. prior to merger with Aphria Inc. (Acquired)
IntelGenx Technologies Corp. (OTCPK:IGXT)
Pharmaceuticals
IntelGenx Technologies Corp. (OTCPK:IGXT) 2023 Form 10-K
Business Description: As of April 30, 2021, Tilray, Inc. prior to merger with Aphria Inc. was acquired by Tilray, Inc., in a reverse merger transaction. Tilray, Inc. engages in the research, cultivation, processing, and distribution of medical cannabis. The company offers its products to patients, physicians, clinics, pharmacies, governments, and hospitals; and for researchers for commercial purposes, as well as compassionate access and clinical research applications. It operates in Argentina, Australia, Canada, Chile, Croatia, Cyprus, Germany, Israel, New Zealand, Portugal, Spain, Africa, Switzerland, the United States, Malta, and the United Kingdom. The company was incorporated in 2018 and is based in Nanaimo, Canada.
University Of Prince Edward Island
IntelGenx Technologies Corp. (OTCPK:IGXT)
Education Services
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Dec-07-2022
Business Description: COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES, NSK
*denotes proprietary relationship