Company Overview
Company Type: Private Company
Website: www.junopharm.ca
Number of Employees: -
Year Founded: 2016
Total Amount Raised (CAD mm)†: -
Total Rounds of Funding**:-
Latest Post-Money Valuation ($ mm) -
Latest Pre-Money Valuation ($ mm) -
† This number reflects the estimated value of the total new money raised through private placement rounds.
** This value is an estimate of the total number of funding rounds this company has received.


Business Description
Juno Pharmaceuticals (Canada) Corp develops, manufactures, and distributes biosimilar pharmaceutical products. Juno Pharmaceuticals (Canada) Corp. was incorporated in 2016 and is based in Mississauga, Canada.


Financial Information (Currency: CAD, in mm)
Total Revenue
-
Operating Income
-
Total Assets
-
Gross Profit
-
EBITDA
-
Total Debt
-
Net Income
-
Estimated Number of Employees
-
Net Debt
-
* Hover over data point numbers for date and source.

Key Professionals
No Key Professionals have been profiled.


Primary Industry Classification
Pharmaceuticals


Primary Office Location
402-2233 Argentia Road | Mississauga, ON | L5N 2X7 | Canada
Phone: 905-829-3838   Fax: 905-829-3810


Company Notes
No Company Notes exist.


Strategy Notes
No Strategy Notes exist.


Current and Pending Subsidiaries / Investments
Company Name
Business Description
Geography
Primary Industry
LTM Total Rev.($mm)
LFQ Total Assets ($mm)
LFQ Total Debt ($mm)
Omega Laboratories Limited
Omega Laboratories Limited manufactures and supplies healthcare products and services for the pharmaceutical industry in Canada. The company offers injectables, non-injectable pharmaceuticals, drugs for oncology, and antiseptics for hospitals. The company also provides allergy line of products, including in vivo testing solutions, controlled-release solutions, and suspensions for allergy desensitization treatment; allergy products, such as diagnostic, immunotherapy, standardized extracts, and insect venoms; and supplies and accessories, including sterile empty vials, lancets, vials racks, and storage and shipping containers. In addition, it offers sclerosing products for the treatment of varicose veins. Further, the company engages in the custom manufacture of injectable and non-injectable sterile products to various pharmaceutical and bio-pharmaceutical companies. Omega Laboratories Limited operates as an authorized distributor for the products of Hollister-Stier. The company was founded in 1958 and is based in Montreal, Canada. It has laboratories and sales offices in Montreal and Vancouver, Canada, as well as sales offices in Ontario, Canada. As of May 15, 2023, Omega Laboratories Limited operates as a subsidiary of Juno Pharmaceuticals (Canada) Corp.

United States and Canada
Health Care Supplies
28.00
-
-


Last 5 Transactions
Announced Date
Closed Date
Transaction Type
Role
Target
Buyer/Investors
Sellers
Size($mm)
May-15-2023
May-15-2023
Merger/Acquisition
Buyer
Omega Laboratories Limited
Juno Pharmaceuticals (Canada) Corp.

-
* denotes that the relationship is proprietary


Last 5 Key Developments
Date
Event Type
Headline
May-15-2023
M&A Transaction Closings
Juno Pharmaceuticals (Canada) Corp. acquired Omega Laboratories Limited.

M&A Advisors
Aird & Berlis LLP, Bloom Burton Securities Inc.


Advisors
M&A Advisors
Aird & Berlis LLP, Bloom Burton Securities Inc.


Last 10 Investment Research Documents
No Investment Research returned. This can be caused by entitlement settings or your template settings.


S&P Global Ratings Credit Ratings
No S&P Global Ratings Credit Ratings data available. 


News Headlines
No News is currently available for the selected sources.


Company Coverage
This company is not on any Coverage List.

Key Executives and Professionals Details
No Key Executives and Professionals exist.

S&P Credit Ratings and Research provided by 
No content (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, as well as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content, or for the security or maintenance of any data input by the user. The Content is provided on an "as is" basis. S&P GLOBAL PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT’S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of such damages.

Credit-related and other analyses, including ratings, and statements in the Content are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact. S&P Global Market Intelligence’s opinions, analyses and rating acknowledgment decisions (described below) are not recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered as such. While S&P Global Market Intelligence has obtained information from sources it believes to be reliable, S&P Global Market Intelligence does not perform an audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent verification of any information it receives.

S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain non-public information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global Ratings does not contribute to or participate in the creation of credit scores generated by S&P Global Market Intelligence. Lowercase nomenclature is used to differentiate S&P Global Market Intelligence PD credit model scores from the credit ratings issued by S&P Global Ratings.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.capitaliq.com (subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors. Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
Regulatory News Service data provided by 
