
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Company Name
Primary Industry
Source
Enertopia Corp. (OTCPK:ENRT)
Lexaria Bioscience Corp. (NasdaqCM:LEXX)
Diversified Metals and Mining
Lexaria Bioscience Corp. (NasdaqCM:LEXX) 2020 Form S-1
Business Description: Enertopia Corp. engages in the exploration of lithium in Canada. It holds 100% in the West Tonopah (Smoky Valley) Lithium Project comprising 88 lode mining claims covering 1,760 acers located in Big Smoky Valley, Nevada. The company was formerly known as Golden Aria Corp. and changed its name to Enertopia Corp. in February 2010. Enertopia Corp. was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Kelowna, Canada.
Hill Incorporated (TSXV:HILL)
Lexaria Bioscience Corp. (NasdaqCM:LEXX)
Personal Care Products
Lexaria Bioscience Corp. (NasdaqCM:LEXX) 2020 Form S-1
Business Description: Hill Incorporated provides cannabis solutions and non-alcoholic beverage products worldwide. It offers its products through retail stores and licensed distributors, as well as online. The company was formerly known as Hill Street Beverage Company Inc. and changed its name to Hill Incorporated in May 2023. Hill Incorporated was founded in 2008 and is headquartered in Mississauga, Canada.
National Research Council Canada
Lexaria Canpharm Corp.
Research and Consulting Services
Lexaria Bioscience Corp. (NasdaqCM:LEXX) 2018 Form S-4
Business Description: National Research Council Canada is an institution that undertake, promotes, and assists in scientific and industrial research. It offers services, such as maintaining and operating a national science library, publishing and selling scientific and technical information, working on the standardization and certification of scientific and technical apparatus and instruments and materials used, and operating and administering any astronomical observatories established or maintained by the Government of Canada. National Research Council Canada was founded in 1916 and is based in Ottawa, Canada.
NeutriSci International Inc. (TSXV:NU)
Lexaria Bioscience Corp. (NasdaqCM:LEXX)
Personal Care Products
Lexaria Bioscience Corp. (NasdaqCM:LEXX) 2017 Form 10-K
Business Description: NeutriSci International Inc. develops and markets nutraceutical products in Canada, Germany, and Japan. It offers neuenergy, an energy tab designed to deliver enhanced focus and mental clarity. The company sells its products through a distribution network of retail storefront and online markets. NeutriSci International Inc. was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.
Odin Capital, Inc.
Lexaria Bioscience Corp. (NasdaqCM:LEXX)
Oil and Gas Exploration and Production
Lexaria Bioscience Corp. (NasdaqCM:LEXX) 2009 Form 10-K
Business Description: Odin Capital, Inc. owns and operates oil and gas properties. The company operates Turner Valley oil & gas project. Odin Capital, Inc. was formerly known as Win Energy Inc. and changed its name to Odin Capital, Inc. in February, 2004. The company was incorporated in 1998 and is based in Calgary, Canada. Odin Capital, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Win Energy Corp.
*denotes proprietary relationship