
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Bausch Health Companies Inc. (NYSE:BHC)
Pharmaceuticals
Bausch Health Companies Inc. (NYSE:BHC) 2011 Form 10-K
Business Description: Bausch Health Companies Inc. operates as a diversified pharmaceutical company. It develops, manufactures, and markets a range of products primarily in gastroenterology, hepatology, neurology, dermatology, international pharmaceuticals, and eye health. The company operates through five segments: Salix, International, Solta Medical, Diversified, and Bausch + Lomb. The Salix segment provides gastroenterology products in the United States. The International segment sells aesthetic medical devices, branded pharmaceuticals, generic pharmaceuticals, and OTC products internationally. The Solta Medical segment engages in the sale of aesthetic medical devices. The Diversified segment offers pharmaceutical products in the areas of neurology and certain other therapeutic classes; generic products; ortho dermatologic; and dentistry products in the United States. The Bausch + Lomb segment offers products in the areas of vision care, surgical, and ophthalmic pharmaceuticals products. The company was formerly known as Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. and changed its name to Bausch Health Companies Inc. in July 2018. Bausch Health Companies Inc. was incorporated in 2013 and is headquartered in Laval, Canada.
SynapCell, SAS
Biotechnology
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Apr-20-2011
Business Description: SynapCell, SAS develops solutions for preclinical evaluation of central nervous system (CNS) disorders. It develops drug with robust and unbiased endpoints on drug efficacy in vivo, at the preclinical step. The company also provides consulting programs for drug candidates. It provides solutions to evaluate the antiepileptic and anti-epileptogenic effects of drug candidates using cortical and subcortical EEG, and translational animal models of temporal lobe and absence epilepsies; and electro physiology services. In addition, it provides dose-response studies, pharmacodynamics, biomarker identification and modulation, disease-modifying assays, model phenotyping, and phenotypic screening for lead selection and validation. The company was founded in 2005 and is based in Saint Ismier, France.
Valeant International Bermuda
Pharmaceuticals
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Nov-09-2010
Business Description: Valeant International Bermuda develops, manufactures, and sells pharmaceutical products and licenses its intellectual property. The company was formerly known as Valeant International (Barbados) SRL and changed its name to Valeant International Bermuda in July 2012. The company is based in Christ Church, Barbados. Valeant International Bermuda operates as a subsidiary of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc.
*denotes proprietary relationship