
Customize View
Recently disclosed strategic alliances only (within the last two years)
Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK)
Pharmaceuticals
Medicenna Therapeutics Corp. (TSX:MDNA) 2023 Form 20-F
Business Description: Merck & Co., Inc. operates as a healthcare company worldwide. It operates through two segments, Pharmaceutical and Animal Health. The Pharmaceutical segment offers human health pharmaceutical products in the areas of oncology, hospital acute care, immunology, neuroscience, virology, cardiovascular, and diabetes, as well as vaccine products, such as preventive pediatric, adolescent, and adult vaccines. The Animal Health segment discovers, develops, manufactures, and markets veterinary pharmaceuticals, vaccines, and health management solutions and services, as well as digitally connected identification, traceability, and monitoring products. The company serves drug wholesalers and retailers, hospitals, and government agencies; managed health care providers, such as health maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit managers, and other institutions; and physicians and physician distributors, veterinarians, and animal producers. It has collaborations with AstraZeneca PLC; Bayer AG; Eisai Co., Ltd.; Ridgeback Biotherapeutics LP; and Gilead Sciences, Inc. to jointly develop and commercialize long-acting treatments in HIV, as well as a collaboration with Bionomics to identify novel a7 nAChR PAMs suitable for the treatment of cognitive disorder; and clinical trial collaboration and supply agreement with Ankyra Therapeutics to evaluate ANK-101 in combination with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in patients with advanced solid tumors. Merck & Co., Inc. was founded in 1891 and is headquartered in Rahway, New Jersey.
The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center
Health Care Facilities
Medicenna Therapeutics Corp. (TSX:MDNA) 2017 Form Doc
Business Description: The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center operates a healthcare specialty center, which provides cancer patient care, research, education, and prevention services. The company offers prevention and screening, including breast cancer screening, cervical cancer screening, colorectal cancer screening exams, endometrial cancer screening exams, liver cancer screening exams, lung cancer screening exams, mobile mammography, ovarian cancer screening exams, prostate cancer screening exams, skin cancer screening exams, women's screening exams, and men's screening exams; cancer research services in the areas of basic science, translational research, clinical research, and prevention and personalized risk assessment; clinical trials to test new treatments for both common and rare cancers; and research-driven cancer care and comprehensive educational programs that include undergraduate degrees, professional education, clinical and research training, and advanced nursing education to enable the next generation to join the fight to end cancer. The company has strategic collaboration with Federation Bio to design and manufacture a synthetic microbial consortium immunotherapy to treat cancer patients. The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center was formerly known as The University of Texas System Cancer Center and changed its name to The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center in 1988. The company was founded in 1941 and is based in Houston, Texas with additional locations in Conroe, League City, and Sugar Land, Texas. The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center operates as a subsidiary of The University of Texas System.
*denotes proprietary relationship