
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Advance Aid.

MedMira Inc. (TSXV:MIR) 2012 Form Doc
Business Description: There is no business description for this company.
Cardinal Health, Inc. (NYSE:CAH)
Health Care Distributors
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Apr-16-2013
Business Description: Cardinal Health, Inc. operates as a healthcare services and products company in the United States, Canada, Europe, Asia, and internationally. It provides customized solutions for hospitals, healthcare systems, pharmacies, ambulatory surgery centers, clinical laboratories, physician offices, and patients in the home. The company operates in two segments, Pharmaceutical and Medical. The Pharmaceutical segment distributes branded and generic pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical, and over-the-counter healthcare and consumer products. The segment also provides services to pharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare providers for specialty pharmaceutical products; operates nuclear pharmacies and radiopharmaceutical manufacturing facilities; repackages generic pharmaceuticals and over-the-counter healthcare products; and provides pharmacy management services to hospitals. The Medical segment manufactures, sources, and distributes Cardinal Health branded medical, surgical, and laboratory products and devices that include exam and surgical gloves; needles, syringe, and sharps disposals; compressions; incontinences; nutritional delivery products; wound care products; single-use surgical drapes, gowns, and apparels; fluid suction and collection systems; urology products; operating room supply products; and electrode product lines. The segment also distributes a range of national brand products, including medical, surgical, and laboratory products; provides supply chain services and solutions to hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, clinical laboratories, and other healthcare providers; and assembles and sells sterile, and non-sterile procedure kits. The company was incorporated in 1979 and is headquartered in Dublin, Ohio.
Multimed Holdings Inc

MedMira Inc. (TSXV:MIR) 2012 Form Doc
Business Description: There is no business description for this company.
National Research Council Canada
Research and Consulting Services
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Nov-12-2013
Business Description: National Research Council Canada is an institution that undertake, promotes, and assists in scientific and industrial research. It offers services, such as maintaining and operating a national science library, publishing and selling scientific and technical information, working on the standardization and certification of scientific and technical apparatus and instruments and materials used, and operating and administering any astronomical observatories established or maintained by the Government of Canada. National Research Council Canada was founded in 1916 and is based in Ottawa, Canada.
Shenzhen Kang Sheng Bao Bio-technology Co., Ltd

MedMira Inc. (TSXV:MIR) 2010 Form Doc
Business Description: There is no business description for this company.
Tristar Industries Nederland B.V.
Environmental and Facilities Services
MedMira Inc. (TSXV:MIR) 2010 Form Doc
Business Description: Tristar Industries Nederland b.v., also known as TriStar Industries Group, provides industrial maintenance fulfillment services and supplies. The company offers liquid, alkaline, gels, strongly acidic, and non-foaming cleaners; industrial deodorizers; disinfectants; and personal care hygiene products. It caters to petrochemical, offshore, paint and coatings, printing ink, steel mills, electronics, plastics, transportation, and food processing sectors. Tristar Industries is based in Breda, The Netherlands with an additional office in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
U.S. Centers For Disease Control And Prevention (cdc)
Diversified Support Services
MedMira Inc. (TSXV:MIR) 2011 Form Doc
Business Description: There is no business description for this company.
Vitest AG

MedMira Inc. (TSXV:MIR) 2012 Form Doc
Business Description: There is no business description for this company.
*denotes proprietary relationship