
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Robert Bosch GmbH
Automotive Parts and Equipment
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Oct-28-2019
Business Description: Robert Bosch GmbH, together with its subsidiaries, provides technology and services in Europe, the Americas, and the Asia Pacific. It operates through Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology segments. The Mobility Solutions segment provides gasoline systems, diesel systems, chassis systems control products, electrical drives, starter motors and generators, car multimedia products, automotive electronics, and automotive aftermarket and steering products. The Industrial Technology segment offers drive, control, and actuator solutions for the factory automation, plant construction and engineering, mobile machinery, and commercial vehicles. This segment also provides process and packaging solutions for the pharmaceuticals, foodstuffs, and confectionery industries, as well as for the beverages industry. The Consumer Goods segment produces and distributes power tools, such as tools for the trade, industry, and DIY; and accessories and garden tools, as well as industrial tools and measuring equipment. It also offers household appliances for cooking, washing-up, washing, drying, cooling, freezing, floor care, etc. The Energy and Building Technology segment manufactures heaters, heat pumps, solar thermal systems, solid-fuel boilers, cogeneration plants, and industrial boilers. It also provides security systems comprising video-surveillance, intrusion-detection, fire-detection, and voice alarm systems; and access-control, and building management systems, as well as professional audio and conference systems. The company has a strategic partnership with Software AG for the Internet of Things Cloud. The company was formerly known as Workshop for Precision Mechanics and Electrical Engineering and changed its name to Robert Bosch GmbH in 1937. The company was founded in 1886 and is based in Gerlingen, Germany.
Young In Scientific Co., Ltd.
Technology Distributors
Young In Scientific Co., Ltd. - Form 
Business Description: Young In Scientific Co., Ltd. distributes scientific, analytical, medical, clinic, electrochemical, and process instruments for research, test, and QA/QC applications for various industries and educational organizations worldwide. It offers chromatographs, mass spectrometers, spectroscopes, and chemical sensors to test and analyze for food, environmental elements, advanced materials, chemicals, fuel and energy, forensics, drugs, medical, and homeland security. The company also provides measurement solutions, such as analyzers, microwave sample preparation and synthesis systems, and detectors for water environment and inorganic/gas analysis; and measurement and monitoring solutions for radiation, on-line water monitor, and oil analyzers to detect, monitor, and analyze radiation, as well as to monitor and analyze water quality and contamination. In addition, it offers medical and diagnostic solutions, including chemistry analyzers and reagents, hematology solutions, blood gas analyzers, and immune assay systems for hospitals, labs, and medical centers. The company was founded in 1976 and is based in Seoul, South Korea.
*denotes proprietary relationship