Customize View
Named by Company
Named by Competitor
Named by Third Party

Recently disclosed competitors only (within the last two years)
Include Competitors for:Current subsidiaries


Competitors

Recently Disclosed Competitors
Competitor's Name
LTM Revenue ($mm)
LTM Date
Source
Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (NYSE:EW)
5,657.10
Jun-30-2023
Artivion, Inc. (NYSE:AORT) 2014 Form 10-K
Business Description: Edwards Lifesciences Corporation provides products and technologies for structural heart disease, and critical care and surgical monitoring in the United States, Europe, Japan, and internationally. It offers transcatheter heart valve replacement products for the minimally invasive replacement of heart valves; and transcatheter heart valve repair and replacement products to treat mitral and tricuspid valve diseases. The company also provides the PASCAL and Cardioband transcatheter valve repair systems for minimally-invasive therapy. In addition, it offers surgical structural heart solutions, such as aortic surgical valve under the INSPIRIS name; KONECT RESILIA, a pre-assembled aortic tissue valved conduit for patients who require replacement of the valve, root, and ascending aorta; and HARPOON Beating Heart Mitral Valve Repair System for patients with degenerative mitral regurgitation. Further, the company provides critical care solutions, including advanced hemodynamic monitoring systems to measure a patient’s heart function and fluid status in surgical and intensive care settings; and Acumen Hypotension Prediction Index software that alerts clinicians in advance of a patient developing dangerously low blood pressure. The company distributes its products through a direct sales force and independent distributors. Edwards Lifesciences Corporation was founded in 1958 and is headquartered in Irvine, California.
LifeNet Health, Inc.
0.13
-
Artivion, Inc. (NYSE:AORT) 2014 Form 10-K
Business Description: LifeNet Health, Inc. operates as an organ procurement company that provides bio-implants and organs for transplantation. It offers allograft bio-implants health issues in the areas of cardiac, vascular, sports medicine, general orthopedics and trauma, craniomaxillofacial, spine, dental, and wound management and surgical reconstruction. The company also provides educational programs for nursing and technical staff surgical communities; and transplant services. LifeNet Health, Inc. was formerly known as LifeNet and changed its name to LifeNet Health, Inc. in 2007. The company was incorporated in 1982 and is based in Virginia Beach, Virginia with additional offices in Renton, Washington; Pensacola and Jacksonville, Florida; Plainfield, Indiana; and Wien, Vienna, and Österreich, Austria.
*denotes proprietary relationship