
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
AstraZeneca AB
Pharmaceuticals
Novoheart Holdings Inc. 2019 Form Doc
Business Description: AstraZeneca AB researches, develops, manufactures, and markets medicines for cardiovascular, metabolic, and kidney diseases; and cancer, and infection and vaccines, as well as diseases of the respiratory tract, inflammation, and autoimmunity. AstraZeneca AB was formerly known as Astra AB and changed its name to AstraZeneca AB in April 1999. The company was incorporated in 1913 and is based in Södertälje, Sweden with strategic research centres in Sweden, the United States, and the United Kingdom. AstraZeneca AB operates as a subsidiary of AstraZeneca Treasury Limited.
University of California, Irvine
Education Services
Novoheart Holdings Inc. 2017 Form Doc
Business Description: University of California, Irvine is a research and scholarship university that offers undergraduate and graduate degree courses. The university operates colleges including The Claire Trevor School of the Arts, School of Biological Sciences, The Henry Samueli School of Engineering, Graduate School of Management, UCI Medical Center, and University Research Park. It offers degree courses in arts and humanities, environment and energy, health and medicine, science and business, and society and culture. University of California, Irvine was founded in 1965 and is based in Irvine, California. University of California, Irvine operates as a subsidiary of University of California. The University Of California, Irvine is an educational institution that owns and operates school. The institute offers academic programs. The University Of California, Irvine was founded in 1965 and is based in Irvine, California.
*denotes proprietary relationship