Company Overview
Company Type: Private Company
Company Status: Operating Subsidiary
Website: www.novocol.com
Number of Employees: 300
Year Founded: 1911
Total Amount Raised (CAD mm)†: -
Total Rounds of Funding**:-
Latest Post-Money Valuation ($ mm) -
Latest Pre-Money Valuation ($ mm) -
† This number reflects the estimated value of the total new money raised through private placement rounds.
** This value is an estimate of the total number of funding rounds this company has received.


Business Description
Novocol Pharmaceutical of Canada, Inc. manufactures dental operatory and pain control pharmaceutical products. It offers injectable anesthetics, aspirating syringes, disposable needles, topical anesthetics, restorative materials, and therapeutic materials. The company also provides safety needle systems, anesthetic accessories, dental composite systems, dental cement systems, plastic impression trays, tooth whitening system, infection control items, and specialty products and accessories. It offers its products through dealers and representatives in Canada and internationally. Novocol Pharmaceutical of Canada, Inc. was formerly known as Novocol Chemical Manufacturing Company, Inc. and changed its name to Novocol Pharmaceutical of Canada, Inc. in May 1988. The company was founded in 1911 and is based in Cambridge, Canada. Novocol Pharmaceutical of Canada, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Septodont Limited.


Financial Information (Currency: CAD, in mm)
Total Revenue
 136.1
Operating Income
-
Total Assets
-
Gross Profit
-
EBITDA
-
Total Debt
-
Net Income
-
Estimated Number of Employees
 300
Net Debt
-
* Hover over data point numbers for date and source.

Key Professionals
No Key Professionals have been profiled.


Primary Industry Classification
Pharmaceuticals


Primary Office Location
25 Wolseley Court | Cambridge, ON | N1R 6X3 | Canada
Phone: 519 623 4800   Fax: 519 623 4290

Parent Company
Septodont Limited


Company Notes
No Company Notes exist.


Strategy Notes
No Strategy Notes exist.


Last 5 Transactions
Announced Date
Closed Date
Transaction Type
Role
Target
Buyer/Investors
Sellers
Size($mm)
Oct-23-2000
Oct-23-2000
Merger/Acquisition
Target
Novocol Pharmaceutical of Canada, Inc.
Septodont Limited
Henry Schein, Inc. (NasdaqGS:HSIC)
-
Jun-30-1985
-
Merger/Acquisition
Target
Novocol Chemical Manufacturing Company, Inc. (nka:Novocol Pharmaceutical of Canada, Inc.)
Henry Schein, Inc. (NasdaqGS:HSIC)

-
* denotes that the relationship is proprietary


Last 5 Key Developments
Date
Event Type
Headline
Jun-08-2020
Company Conference Presentations
Novocol Pharmaceutical of Canada, Inc. Presents at BIO 2020 Digital Conference, Jun-08-2020
Oct-23-2000
M&A Transaction Closings
Closed Merger/Acquisition Transaction - Target: Novocol Pharmaceutical of Canada, Inc.; Buyer(s): Septodont; Seller(s): Henry Schein Inc.
Oct-23-2000
M&A Transaction Announcements
Announced Merger/Acquisition Transaction - Target: Novocol Pharmaceutical of Canada, Inc.; Buyer(s): Septodont; Seller(s): Henry Schein Inc.
Jun-30-1985
M&A Transaction Announcements
Announced Merger/Acquisition Transaction - Target: Novocol Pharmaceutical of Canada, Inc.; Buyer(s): Henry Schein Inc.


Last 10 Investment Research Documents
No Investment Research returned. This can be caused by entitlement settings or your template settings.


S&P Global Ratings Credit Ratings
No S&P Global Ratings Credit Ratings data available. 


News Headlines
No News is currently available for the selected sources.


Company Coverage
This company is not on any Coverage List.

Key Executives and Professionals Details
No Key Executives and Professionals exist.

S&P Credit Ratings and Research provided by 
No content (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof (Content) may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of S&P Global Market Intelligence or its affiliates (collectively, S&P Global). The Content shall not be used for any unlawful or unauthorized purposes. S&P Global and any third-party providers, as well as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents (collectively S&P Global Parties) do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of the Content. S&P Global Parties are not responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, for the results obtained from the use of the Content, or for the security or maintenance of any data input by the user. The Content is provided on an "as is" basis. S&P GLOBAL PARTIES DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, FREEDOM FROM BUGS, SOFTWARE ERRORS OR DEFECTS, THAT THE CONTENT’S FUNCTIONING WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT THE CONTENT WILL OPERATE WITH ANY SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE CONFIGURATION. In no event shall S&P Global Parties be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including, without limitation, lost income or lost profits and opportunity costs or losses caused by negligence) in connection with any use of the Content even if advised of the possibility of such damages.

Credit-related and other analyses, including ratings, and statements in the Content are statements of opinion as of the date they are expressed and not statements of fact. S&P Global Market Intelligence’s opinions, analyses and rating acknowledgment decisions (described below) are not recommendations to purchase, hold, or sell any securities or to make any investment decisions, and do not address the suitability of any security. S&P Global Market Intelligence assumes no obligation to update the Content following publication in any form or format. The Content should not be relied on and is not a substitute for the skill, judgment and experience of the user, its management, employees, advisors and/or clients when making investment and other business decisions. S&P Global Market Intelligence does not act as a fiduciary or an investment advisor except where registered as such. While S&P Global Market Intelligence has obtained information from sources it believes to be reliable, S&P Global Market Intelligence does not perform an audit and undertakes no duty of due diligence or independent verification of any information it receives.

S&P Global keeps certain activities of its divisions separate from each other in order to preserve the independence and objectivity of their respective activities. As a result, certain divisions of S&P Global may have information that is not available to other S&P Global divisions. S&P Global has established policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain non-public information received in connection with each analytical process.

S&P Global Ratings does not contribute to or participate in the creation of credit scores generated by S&P Global Market Intelligence. Lowercase nomenclature is used to differentiate S&P Global Market Intelligence PD credit model scores from the credit ratings issued by S&P Global Ratings.

S&P Global may receive compensation for its ratings and certain analyses, normally from issuers or underwriters of securities or from obligors. S&P Global reserves the right to disseminate its opinions and analyses. S&P Global's public ratings and analyses are made available on its Web sites, www.standardandpoors.com (free of charge), and www.capitaliq.com (subscription), and may be distributed through other means, including via S&P Global publications and third-party redistributors. Additional information about our ratings fees is available at www.standardandpoors.com/usratingsfees.
Regulatory News Service data provided by 
