
Customize View
Recently disclosed strategic alliances only (within the last two years)
Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Merck KGaA (XTRA:MRK)
Pharmaceuticals
Oncolytics Biotech Inc. (TSX:ONC) 2023 Form 20-F
Business Description: Merck KGaA operates as a science and technology company in Germany. The company’s Life Science segment offers a range of products, including reagents, consumable, devices, instruments, software, and services for scientific discovery, as well as provides lab water instruments, consumables and services, microbiology and biomonitoring, products, test assays, analytical reagents, and flow cytometry kits and instruments for pharma and biotech, industrial and testing, academics and government, and diagnostic sectors. Its Healthcare segment designs and develops medicines and intelligent devices for treatment of various therapeutics, such as oncology, neurology and immunology, endocrinology, and general medicines. The company’s Electronic segment provides semiconductor solutions, such as semiconductor materials, delivery systems and services, and intermolecular services for semiconductor and polymer removal chemistries applications; and display solutions comprising liquid crystals, OLED and quantum materials, reactive mesogens, photoresist materials, smart antenna, and dynamic liquid crystal glazing products, as well as offers liviFlex, a flexible platform, which offers a range of display materials. This segment also provides surface solution, such as cosmetics, effect pigments, and functional solutions; architecture solutions, including switchable windows; and automotive solutions. In addition, it has strategic alliances with Pfizer Inc. and GlaxoSmihKline plc to develop and commercialize active ingredients in immune-oncology; in-licensing agreement with Debiopharm International SA for developing drug candidates for the treatment of head and neck cancer; and out-licensing agreement with MoonLake Immunotherapeutics AG for developing a drug candidate for the treatment of inflammatory diseases. The company was founded in 1668 and is headquartered in Darmstadt, Germany. Merck KGaA operates as a subsidiary of E. Merck KG.
Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)
Pharmaceuticals
Oncolytics Biotech Inc. (TSX:ONC) 2023 Form 20-F
Business Description: Pfizer Inc. discovers, develops, manufactures, markets, distributes, and sells biopharmaceutical products worldwide. It offers medicines and vaccines in various therapeutic areas, including cardiovascular metabolic, migraine, and women’s health under the Eliquis, Nurtec ODT/Vydura, and the Premarin family brands; infectious diseases with unmet medical needs under the Prevnar family, Nimenrix, FSME/IMMUN-TicoVac, and Trumenba brands; and COVID-19 prevention and treatment, and potential future mRNA and antiviral products under the Comirnaty and Paxlovid brands. The company also provides medicines and vaccines in various therapeutic areas, such as biosimilars for chronic immune and inflammatory diseases under the Xeljanz, Enbrel, Inflectra, Eucrisa/Staquis, and Cibinqo brands; amyloidosis, hemophilia, endocrine diseases, and sickle cell disease under the Vyndaqel family, Oxbryta, BeneFIX, and Genotropin brands; sterile injectable and anti-infective medicines under the Sulperazon, Medrol, Zavicefta, Zithromax, Vfend, and Panzyga brands; and biologics, small molecules, immunotherapies, and biosimilars under the Ibrance, Xtandi, Inlyta, Retacrit, Lorbrena, and Braftovi brands. In addition, the company is involved in the contract manufacturing business. It serves wholesalers, retailers, hospitals, clinics, government agencies, pharmacies, individual provider offices, retail pharmacies, and integrated delivery systems, as well as disease control and prevention centers. The company has collaboration agreements with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company; Astellas Pharma US, Inc.; Myovant Sciences Ltd.; Merck KGaA; Valneva SE; BioNTech SE; and Arvinas, Inc., as well as strategic partnership with CSPC Pharmaceutical Group Limited to launch a local brand of the COVID-19 oral therapeutic treatment Nirmatrelvir/Ritonavir in China, and a collaboration with Carrick Therapeutics Limited. Pfizer Inc. was founded in 1849 and is headquartered in New York, New York.
Roche Holding AG (SWX:ROG)
Pharmaceuticals
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Oct-27-2020
Business Description: Roche Holding AG engages in the pharmaceuticals and diagnostics businesses in Switzerland, Germany, the United States, and internationally. The company offers pharmaceutical products in the therapeutic areas of oncology, neuroscience, infectious diseases, immunology, hemophilia, ophthalmology, dermatology, respiratory, anemia, inflammatory and autoimmune, and transplantation. It also offers in vitro tests for the diagnosis of various diseases, such as cancer, cardiovascular, diabetes, Covid-19, hepatitis, human papillomavirus, and other diseases. In addition, the company supplies diagnostic instruments and reagents. It has a research collaboration agreement with Synlogic, Inc. for the discovery of a novel synthetic biotic for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD); and strategic agreement with Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to develop and commercialize zilebesiran. Roche Holding AG was founded in 1896 and is headquartered in Basel, Switzerland.
*denotes proprietary relationship