
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Advanced Practice Strategies, Inc.
Health Care Technology
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Sep-26-2010
Business Description: Advanced Practice Strategies, Inc. is an assessment, education, and analytics company that helps clinicians achieve their highest potential through innovation in learning. It offers GNOSIS, an assessment-driven education and analytics solution that uses data to transform how doctors and nurses learn; helps clinicians specializing in high-risk areas of obstetrics and emergency medicine improve clinical outcomes through personalized learning; and Prophecy, an assessment solution offering clinical, situational, and behavioral information, validates nurse performance. The company was founded in 1993 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts. As of April 5, 2017, Advanced Practice Strategies, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Relias Learning, LLC.
AirStrip Technologies, Inc.
Health Care Technology
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Jun-29-2009
Business Description: AirStrip Technologies, Inc. develops technology solutions for caregivers to collaborate and care for their patients. It offers AirStrip ONE, a data- and vendor-agnostic platform that connects clinicians with the right information at the right time via the convenient device at hand; and connects clinicians with patient data and with each other across the care continuum. The company also provides AirStrip Accelerator Services, a solution that offers business intelligence needed to deliver, maintain, and measure the value of clinical interoperability. In addition, it offers services and support solutions in the areas of solving healthcare challenges, clinical transformation, implementation, technical support, analytics, and registration. The company’s solutions are used for digital ECG snippets, alarm management, remote patient waveforms, STEMI notification, mobile 12-lead ECG access, maternal/fetal waveforms, and electronic ECG management. It serves health systems, healthcare providers, healthcare executives, and healthcare information technology clients. AirStrip Technologies, Inc. was founded in 2004 and is based in San Antonio, Texas.
Artemis, Inc.
Health Care Technology
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements May-20-2010
Business Description: Artemis, Inc., a healthcare technology company, develops, markets, and implements electronic health records (EHR), practice management, and mobile patient engagement solutions primarily for OB-GYN physician practices in the United States. It offers a suite of specialized OB-GYN software solutions, including digiChart OB-GYN EHR; PracticeSmart, an integrated EHR and practice management solution; and TouchPoint, a two-way mobile text messaging system that is designed to improve patient communication, enhance patient engagement, and reduce the amount of phone calls and staff time required to coordinate patient appointments. Artemis, Inc. was formerly known as digiChart, Inc. and changed its name to Artemis, Inc. on May 5, 2013. The company was founded in 1996 and is based in Brentwood, Tennessee. As of August 15, 2016, Artemis, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of MediSolution Ltd..
*denotes proprietary relationship