
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Koninklijke Philips N.V. (ENXTAM:PHIA)
Health Care Equipment
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Jul-23-2015
Business Description: Koninklijke Philips N.V. operates as a health technology company in North America, the Greater China, and internationally. It operates through Diagnosis & Treatment Businesses, Connected Care Businesses, and Personal Health Businesses segments. The company provides diagnostic imaging solutions, includes magnetic resonance imaging, X-ray systems, and computed tomography (CT) systems and software comprising detector-based spectral CT solutions, as well as molecular and hybrid imaging solutions for nuclear medicine; echography solutions focused on diagnosis, treatment planning and guidance for cardiology, general imaging, obstetrics/gynecology, and point-of-care applications; integrated interventional systems, and interventional diagnostic and therapeutic devices to treat coronary artery and peripheral vascular disease; proprietary software to enable diagnostics and intervention; and enterprise diagnostic informatics products and services. It also offers acute patient management solutions; emergency care solutions; sleep and respiratory care solutions; and electronic medical record and care management solutions. In addition, the company provides power toothbrushes, brush heads, and interdental cleaning and teeth whitening products; infant feeding, baby monitors, and digital parental solutions; and grooming and beauty products and solutions. It has strategic partnership agreements with TriHealth, Prisma Health, and the University Health System of San Antonio to help the health system standardize patient monitoring, drive interoperability, and lay the foundation for enterprise-wide platform; and Oulu University Hospital to deliver advanced image-guided therapy solutions. The company was formerly known as Koninklijke Philips Electronics N.V. and changed its name to Koninklijke Philips N.V. in May 2013. Koninklijke Philips N.V. was founded in 1891 and is headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
Siemens Healthcare GmbH
Health Care Equipment
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Feb-29-2016
Business Description: Siemens Healthcare GmbH provides medical diagnostics solutions, healthcare equipment, and related services. It offers products and solutions in the areas of healthcare IT and infrastructure, hearing instruments, laboratory diagnostics, medical imaging, therapy systems, refurbished systems, and education and training; medical accessories, OEM, and electronics; and services, such as enterprise services and solutions, imaging and therapy services, and laboratory diagnostics services. The company provides its products for various clinical specialties and diseases, such as cardiology, neurology, oncology, surgery, women's health, allergy, anemia, autoimmune disorders, bone metabolism, diabetes, growth disorders, infectious disease, kidney disease, liver disease, organ transplant, reproductive endocrinology, sepsis, therapeutic drug monitoring, and thyroid. It serves healthcare providers worldwide. Siemens Healthcare GmbH has a strategic collaboration agreement with Profound Medical Corp. The company is headquartered in Erlangen, Germany. Siemens Healthcare GmbH operates as a subsidiary of Siemens Healthineers AG
*denotes proprietary relationship