
Customize View
Recently disclosed strategic alliances only (within the last two years)
Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Company Name
Primary Industry
Source
Bioceltran Co., Ltd
Madenco BioSciences, Inc
Biotechnology
Quest PharmaTech Inc. (TSXV:QPT) 2022 Form Doc
Business Description: Bioceltran Co., Ltd develops pharmaceutical and cosmetics products using protein transduction technology. The company is based in South Korea.
Shenzhen Hepalink Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. (SZSE:002399)
OncoQuest Inc.
Pharmaceuticals
Quest PharmaTech Inc. (TSXV:QPT) 2023 Form Doc
Business Description: Shenzhen Hepalink Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. engages in the manufacture and sale of pharmaceutical products in Hong Kong, the United States, Europe, Mainland China, and internationally. The company operates through four segments: Finished dose pharmaceutical products, Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (API), Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization, and Others. Its pharmaceutical products consist of finished dose pharmaceutical products, which primarily include enoxaparin sodium injection; API products, including heparin sodium API and enoxaparin sodium API; and other products, such as pancreatin API. The company is also involved in the provision of research and development, manufacturing, quality management, and program management services; and development and manufacture of recombinant pharmaceutical products, critical non-viral vectors, intermediates for gene therapy, and naturally derived pharmaceutical products. In addition, it engages in property management, investment management and consulting, biopharmaceutical technology development and consulting, and equity and venture investment activities; research, development, and production of biopharmaceuticals; production and sale of heparin sodium; provision of services on pharmaceutical related activities; and trading of medical and biopharmaceutical products. The company was formerly known as Shenzhen Hepalink Pharmaceutical Co.,Ltd. and changed its name to Shenzhen Hepalink Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. in February 2017. Shenzhen Hepalink Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd. was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Shenzhen, the People’s Republic of China.
*denotes proprietary relationship