
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
3M Company (NYSE:MMM)
Industrial Conglomerates
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Oct-02-2012
Business Description: 3M Company provides diversified technology services in the United States and internationally. The company operates through four segments: Safety and Industrial; Transportation and Electronics; Health Care; and Consumer. The Safety and Industrial segment offers industrial abrasives and finishing for metalworking applications; autobody repair solutions; closure systems for personal hygiene products, masking, and packaging materials; electrical products and materials for construction and maintenance, power distribution, and electrical original equipment manufacturers; structural adhesives and tapes; respiratory, hearing, eye, and fall protection solutions; and natural and color-coated mineral granules for shingles. The Transportation and Electronics segment provides ceramic solutions; attachment tapes, films, sound, and temperature management for transportation vehicles; premium large format graphic films for advertising and fleet signage; light management films and electronics assembly solutions; packaging and interconnection solutions; and reflective signage for highway, and vehicle safety. The Healthcare segment offers health care procedure coding and reimbursement software; skin, wound care, and infection prevention products and solutions; dentistry and orthodontia solutions; and filtration and purification systems. The Consumer segment provides consumer bandages, braces, supports, and consumer respirators; cleaning products for the home; retail abrasives, paint accessories, car care DIY products, picture hanging, and consumer air quality solutions; and stationery products. It offers its products through e-commerce and traditional wholesalers, retailers, jobbers, distributors, and dealers. 3M Company was founded in 1902 and is headquartered in St. Paul, Minnesota.
General Dynamics Mission Systems Canada Ltd.
Aerospace and Defense
Response Biomedical Corp. 2007 Form Doc
Business Description: General Dynamics Mission Systems Canada Ltd. is engaged in the production of electronics solutions for land, airborne, and maritime applications. It offers airborne information, surveillance, and reconnaissance ISR products for surface and sub-surface maritime surveillance, as well as overland and littoral surveillance operations; underwater ISR that include field-proven acoustic processing systems and a suite of functional software modules; and rugged and mobile computing systems that include board level products, such as graphics processing units and single board computers, as well as smart displays and portable systems. The company also provides tactical networking and communications products; fire control products that include ballistic computers, fire control system computers, flat panel displays, ballistic computation software, and fire control software; and power distribution and control systems. In addition, it offers specialty engineering services; platform and system integration and test services for the integration, verification, validation, and qualification of products, vehicles, and systems; in-service support programs; and program management services. General Dynamics Mission Systems Canada Ltd. was formerly known as General Dynamics Canada Ltd. and changed its name to General Dynamics Mission Systems Canada Ltd. in July 2015. The company was founded in 1948 and is based in Ottawa, Canada. General Dynamics Mission Systems Canada Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of General Dynamics Mission Systems, Inc.
Joinstar Biomedical Technology Co., Ltd.
Health Care Equipment
Response Biomedical Corp. 2016 Form 10-K
Business Description: Joinstar Biomedical Technology Co., Ltd. manufactures and sells medical in vitro diagnostic products in China. The company offers flow lattice luminescence, automatic immunoassay, automatic immunoassay, immunoassay, multi-channel dry fluorescence immunoassay, dry fluorescence immunoassay, dry immunofluorescence, immunofluorescence, automatic glycated hemoglobin, and automatic dry biochemical analyzers; and automatic medical PCR analysis systems, as well as quality control products. It also provides cytokine detection; full C-reactive protein assay, interleukin-6 assay, mycobacterium tuberculosis rpoB gene and mutation detection, heparin-binding protein assay, clostridium difficile nucleic acid (DNA) detection, serum amyloid A assay, staphylococcus aureus and methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus nucleic acid (DNA) detection, and procalcitonin assay; β-human chorionic gonadotropin assay, homocysteine assay, progesterone assay, and anti-mullerian hormone; and β2 microglobulin assay, neutrophil gelatinase-related lipocalin assay, urine microalbumin detection, microalbumin assay, and cystatin C assay kits. In addition, the company offers β-human chorionic gonadotropin assay, prostate-specific antigen, alpha-fetoprotein, and carcinoembryonic antigen; C-reactive protein assay, soluble growth stimulating expression gene 2 protein assay, homocysteine assay, heart-shaped fatty acid-binding protein assay, amino-terminal brain natriuretic peptide precursor assay, myoglobin assay, creatine kinase isoenzyme assay, troponin I assay, lipoprotein-related phospholipase A2 assay, and brain natriuretic peptide assay; D-dimer assay; glycated hemoglobin detection; anti-cyclic citrullinated peptide antibody assay; allergen-specific IgE antibody detection; total transport cobalamin assay; pepsinogen I/pepsinogen II assay; and food intolerance test kits. The company was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in Hangzhou, China.
Roche Diagnostics GmbH
Health Care Equipment
Response Biomedical Corp. 2014 Form 10-K
Business Description: Roche Diagnostics GmbH manufactures instruments and reagents for genome sequencing, microarray analysis, nucleic acid purification, real-time PCR, and cell analysis. It offers sequencing, PCR/RT-PCR, sample preparation, cell biology, and discovery reagent solutions for cancer research, cellular analysis, gene expression, gene knockdown, protein expression, and bio-processing/manufacturing applications. The company also provides resources to support the life science community, including online technical and application information, on-site product supply programs, technical and customer service; and specialty bio-chemicals for industrial applications and custom manufacturing. It offers its products online. Roche Diagnostics GmbH was formerly known as Boehringer Mannheim GmbH and changed its name to Roche Diagnostics GmbH in January 1999. The company was founded in 1859 and is based in Mannheim, Germany. Roche Diagnostics GmbH operates as a subsidiary of Roche Holding AG.
Stratos Product Development LLC
Electronic Manufacturing Services
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Jul-14-2011
Business Description: Stratos Product Development LLC provides medical and consumer electronics product design and development solutions for clients ranging from start-up companies to Fortune 500 corporations worldwide. The company specializes in the areas of product strategy, applied research, industrial and interaction design, project management, and manufacturing strategy aspects; and mechanical, electrical, software, and quality engineering aspects. It offers solutions for drug delivery systems, point-of-care diagnostics, digital health aspects, catheter systems, wearable devices, minimally-invasive surgical devices, patient monitoring systems, bioprocess manufacturing aspects, and high-volume disposables. The company was founded in 1987 and is based in Seattle, Washington.
The Foundation For Innovative New Diagnostics
Health Care Equipment
Response Biomedical Corp. 2013 Form 10-K
Business Description: The Foundation For Innovative New Diagnostics is nonprofit organization which research and provides new diagnostic tools, diagnostic testing for poverty-related diseases in low and middle-income countries. It provides diagnostics services for antimicrobial resistance, hepatitis C, HIV, malaria, fever, neglected tropical diseases, pandemic preparedness, and tuberculosis. The organization was founded in 2003 and is based in Geneva, Switzerland with additional offices at Kampala, Uganda and New Delhi, India.
*denotes proprietary relationship