
Customize View
Recently disclosed strategic alliances only (within the last two years)
Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Eversana Life Science Services, LLC
Life Sciences Tools and Services
Resverlogix Corp. (TSX:RVX) 2022 Form Doc
Business Description: Eversana Life Science Services, LLC provides commercial services for the life science industry in the United States and internationally. Its services include management consulting, market access and reimbursement, research and insights, regulatory consulting, and global pricing; and patient, payer, and provider marketing agency services. The company’s services also include clinical and commercial field teams, global channel management and 3PL, specialty pharmacy, medical communication and pharmacovigilance, and revenue management. In addition, it offers ACTICS, a solution to address critical challenges across the product life cycle and improve patient outcomes; MARKET ACCESS, a solution to monitor and evaluate U.S. market access trends to anticipate environment shifts that affect access and reimbursement; BRAND ACCESS, a solution to identify current and future opportunities to optimize access for brands; ACCOUNT ACCESS, a solution that guides account strategies to impact sales and marketing at organizations; and PATIENT ACCESS, a solution to assess and measure key opportunities to improve satisfaction and patient access to therapies. Further, the company provides PriceRight, an enterprise software solution to address global pricing challenges for pharmaceutical manufacturers. It serves organizations, including start-ups and established pharmaceutical companies. Eversana Life Science Services, LLC was formerly known as Dohmen Life Science Services, LLC and changed its name to Eversana Life Science Services, LLC in January 2019. The company was incorporated in 1995 and is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin with locations in North America, Europe, and Asia.
*denotes proprietary relationship