
Customize View
Recently disclosed strategic alliances only (within the last two years)
Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Graph Blockchain Inc. (CNSX:GBLC)
Application Software
Graph Blockchain Inc. (CNSX:GBLC) 2019 Form 20-F
Business Description: Graph Blockchain Inc. operates as a blockchain development company. It provides exposure to various areas of decentralized finance to shareholders. The company was formerly known as Reg Technologies Inc. Graph Blockchain Inc. is headquartered in Toronto, Canada. Graph Blockchain Inc. is a subsidiary of Bitnine Global Inc.
PharmaTher Holdings Ltd. (CNSX:PHRM)
Pharmaceuticals
Key DevelopmentStrategic Alliances Feb-03-2023
Business Description: PharmaTher Holdings Ltd., a specialty pharmaceutical company, develops and commercialize specialty pharmaceuticals exhibiting the adoption and permitting novel delivery methods to enhance patient outcomes. The company’s product pipeline includes KETARX, a hydrochloride injection for the treatment of Parkinson’s disease, Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, complex regional pain and Rett syndrome, and anesthesia and procedural sedation, as well as Ischemia reperfusion injury. It also develops KETARX, a microneedle patch, for mental health, neurological, and pain disorders; and KETARX On-body pump for the maintenance of general anesthesia for diagnostic and surgical procedures. In addition, the company offers PHARMAPATCH, a microneedle patch technology solution, which includes hydrogel-forming and gelatin methacryloyl delivery system for the treatment of psychedelics and infectious diseases. Further, it has license agreement with BioRAE, Inc. for the development and commercialization of a novel biocompatible and biodegradable gelatin methacryloyl microneedle; and the University of Kansas to develop and commercialize the intellectual property of ketamine to treat ALS. The company also holds a patent and know-how license agreement with The Queen’s University of Belfast to develop and commercialize hydrogel-forming microneedle patch delivery technology; and a license agreement with Gesval SA, as well as valuation and exclusive option agreement with Case Western Reserve University for development and commercialization for the intellectual property of ketamine for the treatment of Rett syndrome. PharmaTher Holdings Ltd. was incorporated in 2019 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.
*denotes proprietary relationship