
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
QPharma, Inc.
Health Care Technology
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Nov-03-2009
Business Description: QPharma, Inc. provides regulatory compliance and brand support solutions to pharmaceutical, medical device, biotechnology, and other life sciences industries in the United States and internationally. It offers qSpend, an aggregate spend compliance and reporting solution that enables to track, aggregate, and report on professional fees, gifts, promotional activities, and other payments to healthcare practitioners; sample accountability and sample management solutions to prevent drug diversion, improve sales representative effectiveness, and maintain compliance; and Python Learning Management System, an online training and certification solution that enables life sciences companies to train, track, and credential their sales representatives, contractors, and other personnel. The company also offers warehousing and fulfillment services; MD Assess, a sales force effectiveness solution; MD Advance, a training program for healthcare practitioners; and brand marketing support solutions, including alternative sampling, co-pay card and voucher programs, call center/contact center services, patient assistance programs, print-on-demand services, sales representative-triggered mailings, tele-sampling and tele-detailing solutions, tele-marketing solutions, eDetailing solutions, and traditional marketing services. In addition, it provides professional services, including regulatory consulting and remediation, validation services, Drug Enforcement Administration compliance, Unique Device Identification compliance, project management, and customized training. QPharma, Inc. was founded in 1994 and is based in Morristown, New Jersey.
Questionmark Corporation
Application Software
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Sep-13-2018
Business Description: Questionmark Corporation provides technologies and services that enable organizations to measure knowledge, skills, and attitudes for certification, regulatory compliance, and learning outcomes. Its solutions enable valid and defensible assessments by empowering learning and testing professionals with collaborative authoring tools and accommodating participant needs. The company provides Questionmark OnDemand, an assessment user support for hardware purchases, upgrades, or maintenance expenses; Questionmark Perception, an assessment management system to author, schedule, deliver, and report on surveys, quizzes, tests, and exams; Questionmark Live that allows to write questions and export them for use in Questionmark Perception; Results Management System for analyzing and editing results; Questionmark Connectors, which interface with management systems, programs, and online tools; mobile applications for iPhone/iPad/Android devices; Questionmark Secure, a browser for delivering high stake assessments; and FedRAMP Security Package that includes system security, and security assessment and report. The company also offers consulting services; training services that provide practices for writing questions and creating assessments; and a web-based catalog system that enables content owners to select assessments. It offers solutions for learning/training, regulatory compliance, higher education, retail, financial services, government, human resource/talent management, utilities/power generation, credentialling, military and defense, and life sciences. The company also serves clients in banking, manufacturing, insurance, accounting, and health care industries, and primary and secondary education institutions, colleges, and universities. Questionmark Corporation was founded in 1988 and is based in Trumbull, Connecticut with additional offices in Norwalk, Connecticut; Munich, Germany; and London, United Kingdom. It also has sales offices worldwide and a data center in Australia. As of June 16, 2021, Questionmark Corporation operates as a subsidiary of Learnosity Ltd.
*denotes proprietary relationship