
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Clarion Medical Technologies Inc.
Health Care Distributors
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Jul-25-2012
Business Description: Clarion Medical Technologies Inc. distributes medical, aesthetic, vision care, and surgical equipment and consumables. It offers laser technologies, diagnostic equipment, skincare products, dermal fillers, intra-ocular lenses, laser fibers, clinical education services, technical support services, and regulatory and marketing services to Canadian hospitals, aesthetic clinics, and private medical practices. Clarion Medical Technologies Inc. was formerly known as Coherent-AMT Inc. and changed its name to Clarion Medical Technologies Inc. in May 2008. The company was founded in 1989 and is based in Cambridge, Canada. As of May 31, 2020, Clarion Medical Technologies Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Richards Packaging Income Fund.
EnWave Corporation (TSXV:ENW)
Industrial Machinery and Supplies and Components
EnWave Corporation (TSXV:ENW) 2008 Form 
Business Description: EnWave Corporation designs, constructs, markets, and sells vacuum-microwave machinery for the food, cannabis, and biomaterial dehydration industries in Canada and the United States. The company operates through EnWave and NutraDried segments. It also offers radiant energy vacuum (REV) platforms, such as nutraREV for dehydration of fruits, vegetables, herbs, dairy products, meats, and seafood; and quantaREV designed for low-temperature dehydration of solid, liquid, and granular or encapsulated food or cannabis products. In addition, the company also provides REV platforms for pharmaceutical industry, including powderREV; freezeREV for the dehydration of biomaterial and pharmaceutical products; and REVworx offers toll manufacturing services for various food product. Further, it manufactures, markets, and sells certain dehydrated food products. The company sells its products through various direct customer relationships, brokers, distributors, coffee shops, and retailers; and its online store, mooncheese.com. EnWave Corporation was incorporated in 1999 and is headquartered in Delta, Canada.
*denotes proprietary relationship