
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Applied Imaging Corporation
Health Care Equipment
Applied Imaging Corporation 2005 Form 10-K
Business Description: Applied Imaging Corporation develops, manufactures, and markets automated genetic imaging systems for use in cytogenetic laboratories. It supplies automated image capture and analysis systems for the detection and characterization of chromosomes and molecular markers in genetics and cancer applications. The company provides CytoVision, PowerGene, and QUIPS systems to analyze human chromosome preparations using software classification algorithms and a user interface. These systems also incorporate the capability to analyze and record images produced by genetic research assays that employ fluorescent in situ hybridization (FISH), a technique to detect chromosomal changes in cells using fluorescent-tagged DNA segments or comparative genomic hybridization techniques to measure the amount of a genetic sequence in a cell. Applied Imaging’s Ariol and SPOT systems are used for cancer research and to assist in cancer diagnostics. It also markets imaging systems for use in plant and animal genetic research programs. The company sells its products to government and private clinical laboratories, hospital laboratories, research institutions, universities, biotech companies, and pharmaceutical companies through a direct sales force, third-party distributors, and independent sales representatives worldwide. The company was formerly known as Genetix Corp. Applied Imaging Corporation was founded in 1986 and is based in San Jose, California. As of November 21, 2006, Applied Imaging Corporation operates as a subsidiary of Molecular Devices, LLC. As of November 21, 2006, Applied Imaging Corporation operates as a subsidiary of Genetix Group Ltd..
IR Biosciences Holdings, Inc. (OTCPK:IRBS)
Biotechnology
IR Biosciences Holdings, Inc. (OTCPK:IRBS) 2011 Form 10-K
Business Description: IR BioSciences Holdings, Inc. operates as a development stage biotechnology company in the United States. The company, through its subsidiary, ImmuneRegen BioSciences, Inc., engages in the research and development of therapies in the areas of pulmonary fibrosis, influenza infection, and radiation-induced Neutropenia. It is involved in the development of Homspera, and its derivates Radilex and Viprovex, for human stem cell stimulation, immune system stimulation and anti-infective activity, vaccine adjuvancy, and wound healing. IR BioSciences Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona.
*denotes proprietary relationship