
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Company Name
Primary Industry
Source
DataPhysics Research, Inc.
ClearCanvas Inc.
Health Care Technology
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements May-30-2012
Business Description: DataPhysics Research, Inc. provides medical intelligence technology to radiologist for MRI and CT reviews. The company’s platform is offered as software as a service that reduces data analysis, diagnosis generation, and reporting times of MRI and CT reviews, as well as translates image slice data into segmented anatomical elements that can be interpreted by a natural language processor. DataPhysics Research, Inc. was incorporated in 2005 and is based in Danville, California.
Stryker Corporation (NYSE:SYK)
Synaptive Medical Inc.
Health Care Equipment
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Oct-17-2019
Business Description: Stryker Corporation operates as a medical technology company. The company operates through two segments, MedSurg and Neurotechnology, and Orthopaedics and Spine. The Orthopaedics and Spine segment provides implants for use in hip and knee joint replacements, and trauma and extremities surgeries. This segment also offers spinal implant products comprising cervical, thoracolumbar, and interbody systems that are used in spinal injury, deformity, and degenerative therapies. The MedSurg and Neurotechnology segment offers surgical equipment and surgical navigation systems, endoscopic and communications systems, patient handling, emergency medical equipment and intensive care disposable products, reprocessed and remanufactured medical devices, and other medical device products that are used in various medical specialties. This segment also provides neurotechnology products, which include products used for minimally invasive endovascular techniques; products for brain and open skull based surgical procedures; orthobiologic and biosurgery products, such as synthetic bone grafts and vertebral augmentation products; minimally invasive products for the treatment of acute ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke; and craniomaxillofacial implant products, including cranial, maxillofacial, and chest wall devices, as well as dural substitutes and sealants. The company sells its products to doctors, hospitals, and other healthcare facilities through company-owned subsidiaries and branches, as well as third-party dealers and distributors in approximately 75 countries. Stryker Corporation was founded in 1941 and is headquartered in Kalamazoo, Michigan.
*denotes proprietary relationship