
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Premier, Inc. (NasdaqGS:PINC)
Health Care Services
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Feb-27-2013
Business Description: Premier, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a healthcare improvement company in the United States. It operates in two segments, Supply Chain Services and Performance Services. The Supply Chain Services segment offers its members with an access to a range of products and services, including medical and surgical products, pharmaceuticals, laboratory supplies, capital equipment, information technology, facilities and construction, and food and nutritional products, as well as purchased services, such as clinical engineering and workforce solutions. This segment also provides the ASCENDrive programs for members to receive group purchasing programs, tiers, and prices; SURPASS Performance Group services; and STOCKD, an e-commerce platform, as well as direct sourcing business; SaaS informatics products; supply chain co-management services; purchased services contracts; direct sourcing solutions; and supply chain resiliency programs. The Performance Services segment provides technology and services platform with offerings that help optimize performance in three main areas, including clinical intelligence, margin improvement, and value-based care under the PINC AI brand; third party administrator services and management of health benefit programs under the Contigo Health brand; and digital invoicing and payables services that offers financial support services to healthcare product suppliers and service providers under the Remitra brand. The company was incorporated in 2013 and is based in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Surgical Innovations Group plc (AIM:SUN)
Health Care Equipment
Surgical Innovations Group plc (AIM:SUN) 2011 Form Doc
Business Description: Surgical Innovations Group plc, together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, and sells devices for use in minimally invasive surgery and precision engineering markets in the United Kingdom, Europe, the Asia Pacific, the United States, and internationally. It operates through three segments: SI Brand, Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM), and Distribution. The company offers YelloPort Elite and YelloPort +plus port access systems; PretzelFlex, a surgical retracting system; FastClamp, an endoscopic clamping system; LogiCut, a disposable laparoscopic insert; Logic, a reusable laparoscopic instrument; and LogiFlex, an articulating dissector and retractor. It also researches, develops, manufactures, and distributes minimally invasive devices for third party medical device companies through own label or co-branding; minimally invasive technology products for precision engineering applications; and services for design and build of instruments. In addition, the company distributes medical products; and designs and manufactures autologous blood products. It sells its products through independent healthcare distributors, as well as its own label products through OEM relationships. Surgical Innovations Group plc was incorporated in 1988 and is based in Leeds, the United Kingdom.
*denotes proprietary relationship