
Customize View
Recently disclosed strategic alliances only (within the last two years)
Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Primary Industry
Source
Altus Formulation Inc
Pharmaceuticals
Tetra Bio-Pharma Inc. (OTCPK:TBPM.Q) 2022 Form Doc
Business Description: Altus Formulation Inc is a pharmaceuticals company. It is based in Canada.
Avicanna Inc. (TSX:AVCN)
Pharmaceuticals
Key DevelopmentClient Announcements Feb-14-2022
Business Description: Avicanna Inc., a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company, engages in the research and development of evidence-based products for consumer medical and pharmaceutical segments worldwide. The company collaborates with Canadian academic and medical institutions. Its scientific platform includes research and development, and clinical development that leads to the commercialization of approximately twenty products across four main market segments. The company provides medical and wellness products containing cannabidiol, cannabigerol, and tetrahydrocannabinol under the RHO Phyto brand; functional CBD consumer derma-cosmetic and topical products under the Pura H&W and Pura Earth brand names; and cannabis dried flowers, standardized seeds, full spectrum extracts, cannabinoid distillates, isolated cannabinoids, and bulk formulations derived from hemp and cannabis cultivars under the Aureus brand. It also develops pharmaceutical products for epidermolysis bullosa, dermatology, chronic pain, and various neurological disorders. The company has research collaboration with Dr. Christine Allen'sResearch Group for the development of a cannabinoid-based treatment for lung inflammation associated with COVID19. Avicanna Inc. was incorporated in 2016 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.
Dalton Chemical Laboratories Inc.
Life Sciences Tools and Services
Tetra Bio-Pharma Inc. (OTCPK:TBPM.Q) 2022 Form Doc
Business Description: Dalton Chemical Laboratories Inc. provides cGMP contract services. The company’s services include integrated chemistry, drug development, and dosage form manufacturing. It also offers medicinal chemistry, process development, reaction optimization, formulation development, analytical testing and development, and cGMP manufacturing services, such as cGMP API production and cGMP sterile filling including sterile powder filling. The company caters to pharmaceutical dosage form manufacturing, pharmaceutical ingredient manufacturing, chemical manufacturing, development services, research services, and biotechnology sectors. Dalton Chemical Laboratories Inc. was founded in 1986 and is based in Toronto, Canada. As of March 24, 2020, Dalton Chemical Laboratories Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Seikagaku Corporation.
MakScientific LLC
Biotechnology
Tetra Bio-Pharma Inc. (OTCPK:TBPM.Q) 2022 Form Doc
Business Description: MakScientific LLC is based in Burlington, Massachusetts.
Onegevity Health, LLC (Acquired)
Health Care Equipment
Tetra Bio-Pharma Inc. (OTCPK:TBPM.Q) 2021 Form Doc
Business Description: As of January 31, 2021, Onegevity Health, LLC was acquired by Thorne HealthTech, Inc.. Onegevity Health, LLC engages in manufacturing testing kits to solve health challenges and optimize performance. The company was founded in 2018 and is based in New York, New York.
Targeted Pharmaceuticals, LLC
Pharmaceuticals
Tetra Bio-Pharma Inc. (OTCPK:TBPM.Q) 2022 Form Doc
Business Description: Targeted Pharmaceuticals, LLC a cannabinoid-based biopharmaceutical company, provides drug discovery and medicine derived from plant therapeutics and therapies. It develops drugs for oncology and central nervous system disorders. Targeted Pharmaceuticals, LLC was founded in 2018 and is based in Marlborough, Massachusetts.
Thorne HealthTech, Inc. (NasdaqGS:THRN)
Personal Care Products
Tetra Bio-Pharma Inc. (OTCPK:TBPM.Q) 2022 Form Doc
Business Description: Thorne HealthTech, Inc., a science-driven wellness company, provides solutions and personalized approaches to health and wellness in the United States and internationally. It offers various health tests, such as sleep, stress, weight management, gut health, heavy metals, biological age, and other health tests that generate molecular portraits for its customers, as well as develops nutritional supplements and offers wellness education solutions. The company uses the Onegevity platform to map, integrate, and understand the biological features that describe the state of an individual’s health, as well as provide actionable insights and personalized data, products, and services that help individuals to take a proactive approach to enhance and maintain their health. It primarily serves healthcare professionals, professional athletes, and professional sports and Olympic teams. Thorne HealthTech, Inc. was founded in 1984 and is headquartered in New York, New York.
*denotes proprietary relationship