
Customize View

Include Strategic Alliances for:Current subsidiaries



Strategic Alliances

Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
There are no recently disclosed strategic alliances listed

Prior and Not Recently Disclosed Strategic Alliances
Strategic Alliance Name
Company Name
Primary Industry
Source
Esteve Pharmaceuticals, S.A.
Wex Pharmaceuticals Inc.
Pharmaceuticals
Wex Pharmaceuticals Inc. 2008 Form Doc
Business Description: Esteve Pharmaceuticals, S.A., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the research, development, formulation, and marketing of pharmaceutical products, active pharmaceutical ingredients, pharmaceutical chemicals, and generic drugs. It develops prescription, generic, pharmacy/OTC, and dermo-pharmacy products, as well as home respiratory therapy products. The company sells its products through licensing agreements and distributors in Spain and internationally. The company was formerly known as Laboratorios del Dr. Esteve, S.A. and changed its name to Esteve Pharmaceuticals, S.A. in May 2018. The company was founded in 1929 and is headquartered in Barcelona, Spain.
Shanghai Jiao Tong University
Nanning Maple Leaf Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd.
Education Services
Wex Pharmaceuticals Inc. 2007 Form Doc
Business Description: Shanghai Jiao Tong University is an educational institution that offers undergraduates, master’s degree, PhD, and postdoctoral programs internationally. The institution offers model courses, talent cultivation centers, experimental teaching model centers, scholarships, labs, museums, and library services. Shanghai Jiao Tong University was founded in 1896 and is based in Shanghai, China.
The Children's Hospital Corporation
Wex Pharmaceuticals Inc.
Health Care Facilities
Wex Pharmaceuticals Inc. 2009 Form 20-F
Business Description: The Children's Hospital Corporation operates a children's hospital that provides clinical care, biomedical research, medical education, and community engagement services in the United States. It offers a range of health care services for children of all ages, as well as fetal interventions and treatments for adults. The Children's Hospital Corporation has a collaboration with Summus Global, Inc. The company was founded in 1869 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts. The Children's Hospital Corporation operates as a subsidiary of The Children's Medical Center Corporation.
*denotes proprietary relationship